Increased from Jan to Jun then dropped sharply from Sep to Nov . Stayed at relatively the same price between May and Sep .
The following graph shows information about the house and land price index in Canada during 2017 . As can be seen from the graph , the index have been steadily increasing its value over the year . There are few light fluctuations but no peaks or dips have been recorded .
This is a scatter plot showing the production of oats in Canada 2021 . Overall the production is fluctuating around 230000 tonnes , with it reaching a maximum of around 325000 tonnes in September and a lowest of near 135000 tons in May . .
Production of fresh vegetables for 2018 in whole Canada , represented by the farm product price index . It can be seen , that the production rises in the months from february until october and then drops .
The graph illustrates the production of oats in Canada for the year 2018 . There are sharp decreases in production for the months of February , July and November .
The graph depicts a price index of servers in Canada . Data was taken from 2018 . One can observe a decline in the price index within the first months of the year , reaching a low of 997 in April .
The graph showes the total vehicles entering canada in 2017 . The graph decreases in February . From february till August it starts to increase continously and reaches the maximum of over 3400000 .
The image reports a line chart about the total softwood and hardwood production ( in cubic metres ) in Canda during 2018 . The values are fluctuating over the months , reaching a peak during May 2018 . At the same time it 's clearly possible to see that December 2018 has been the month with less production .
This graph represents the average Canadian retail price for apples during the year 2019 . It was steadily increasing until June , where it reached a peak of 5 dollars/kilogram . After October , it head a steep drop where it reached a low of just under 4.2 dollars/kilogram in November .
The chart is showing the values about the production of fresh vegetables in Canada during 2016 . The values are illustrated using the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . As can be seen from the graph , from January to May the values have been rapidly decreasing .
The production of canola oil in Canada is displayed in the form of a connected line graph in this chart . The x axis features the months of the year 2021 and the y axis features tonnes from 0 through 3 . The month with the lowest production for the whole year was August , but ironically , the best month was September .
The data presented in the graph shows the supply of creamery butter in Canada over the year of 2018 in tonnes . The lowest supply of creamery butter can be observed in January . The supply increases constantly over the next months and reaches its highest value in June , after which it decreases with a similar rate and reaches a local minimum in September .
This graph shows the supply of skim milk power in Canada in 2020 , each month , by tonnes . The graph is erratic , but has an overall downward trend . The graph was at its peak in Jan , while it was at its lowest in Nov .
This chart represents the production of unprocessed milk of Canada in 2016 . Whereas the production oscillates from January until June ranging from 1045 until 1065 a minimum value of below 1020 is observed during July . The following three months a sharp increase is taking place and reaching a value of approximately 1110 .
The following line chart provides information about the total production of hardwood in Canada during 2017 . The production values have been described using cubic metres as unit of measure . The values have been strongly fluactuating over the year .
The graph illustrated the production of fresh potatoes in Canada in 2017 . The measurement used is the farm product price index ( FPPI ) : There is a clear peak in August , reaching an index of more than 1800 .
This graph shows the total non-resident travelers entering Canada during the year 2021 , each month . The graph was mostly stable from Jan to Apr , after which there is a general upward trend . Although , there was a declining trend from Aug to Nov .
The following line chart provides useful information about the production of new motor vehicles in Canada during 2016 . The production value is quantified using the number of units producted . During the first few months of the year the production rapidly increased , reaching the maximum value over 2016 in March .
The graph shows the production of fresh vegetables in Canada for the year fo 2018 . The graph shows production steadily increasing till October and then declines in the months after . It is important to note that production at the end of the year in December is much higher than it was beginning the year in January .
A graph showing the Canadian production of malt in tonnes over the course of the year 2017 . The production was highest in August and then steadily decreased .
The graph shows the production of chickens , turkeys , chicks , and poults in Canada in the year of 2017 . There is one data entry for each month of the year . Production is measured by the farm product price index .
The chart shows the farm product price index ( FPPI ) about total livestock and animal products in Canada during 2016 . The index has been quite steady during the first few months of the year , with a maximum value in March , but then it rapidly decreased from June over , reaching the minimum value during October which was around 1270 . The index started to slowly grow again during the months of November and December .
This graph shows the import of skim milk powder ( by Tonnes ) in Canada during 2020 each month . The graph fluctuates erratically throughout the year . However , there was sharp decline between January and March after which the graph rose again .
Total Canadian livestock and animal products in 2018 are shown in this graph . The unit given is the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . During January products lie at 1385 and the second highes value of the year can be observed in February at approximately 1395 .
This graph shows the total Canadian vehicles returning to the country in 2021 , each month . The graph has a general upward trend . It was at its lowest point in Feb and its highest point in Dec .
This graph represents the rate of new trucks sales in Canada during the 2019 year . It starts at 4 million dollars in January , and has a sharp increase to 6.5 million dollars in March . It continues to increase until it 's just under 7 million in May .
A graph showing the amount of skim milk powder imported in Canada in the year 2019 by every month , weighed in tonnes . Starting at less than 150 tonnes , the amount soars to 400 by February and plummets again before staying constant until July , diving in August , increasing again by September only to plunge by November and reach a new low by December .
The chart shows fluctuations in Canada 's supply of creamery butter throughout the year 2021 . For most months of the year , the supply fluctuated between around 35000 and 37000 tonnes . However , September saw an anomalous spike , reaching almost 39500 tonnes of creamery butter supply .
The line chart shows the average retail price for pork chops in dollars per kilogram in Canada during 2020 . The price oscillates between 11.5 and 12.2 dollars per kilogram from January to May . The values peak in June at almost 12.6 dollars , then substantially declines until October at about 11.6 dollars per kilogram .
This graph illustrates the Canadian import of creamery butter in 2017 . The unit used is tonnes . Import reaches its maximum of over 2500 tonnes during June and its second highes import during the month of March with approximately 2150 .
Chart shows the value of shipment of salt in Canada in the Year 2020 . We have a chart depicting dollar value on a month over month scale . With a lot of volatility int he starting months then a slight plateau in the summer months , approaching the winter months we have a dip but then a rocket highs for the end of the year .
A line chart about the Production of Malt in tonnes in Canada in the year 2016 . Values are analyzed in the different months of the year . With index values ranging from less than 45000 to more than 60000 .
This graph illustrates the monthly passenger cars sales in thousands of dollars in Canada in 2020 . There was a steep decline in the month of April , but in May the sale 's jumped back up to a value slightly higher than the recorded value for the month of march . In June there was another significant increase in sales , but in October it began to fall again .
This is a canola production graph , showing the amount produced in tonnes for the year 2016 . Production stayed within the range of 600000 to about 1125000 tonnes during the year . Production started just under 800000 tonnes in January and rose to above 1000000 tonnes in March .
It shows the number of total vehicles entering Canada during 2017 . It 's clearly possible to see how this value rapidly increase from January until the end of the summer , reaching its maximum value in August . After that , the number of vehicles entering Canada decrease during the last few months of the year .
This chart shows the production of malt , measures in tonnes , in Canada in 2016 . Product starts in January at its low point , before a steep increase in February . A mild decrease follows until April , before increasing to a maximum in June .
The graph shows the trend about desktop and similar computer price index in Canada over 2016 . After a significantly steep rise from January to February , the values started to slightly decline . They have been decreasing from February til September .
This line chart shows the average retail price for apples in Canada in 2021 . The average price in January is at $ 4.53/kg and steadily increases to $ 4.97/kg in August . The average price then drops to $ 4.45/kg between August and November .
chart with lines .
The following line chart has shown the production of skim milk powder in Canada during 2019 . The production is measured in tones and starts with a sudden fall ever since January . Until August , we may see some increases halfway through the year but eventually , drop to the lowest in Autumn .
This figure represents the land price index in Canada in 2018 . Overall the price index increases throughout the year . During January a value of 1037 can be observed , after which it rises up to 1038 during February .
It 's clearly possible to see how the production of fresh potatoes in Canada during 2017 maintained the same level for almost the whole year , but the summer months . During the summer months have been registered the highest values , in particular during August which was the highest peak of production . After that , the values dropped down form August to October .
The chart is showing the amount of import of creamery butter in tonnes in Canada over the course of 12 consecutive months of the year 2021 . Multiple peaks are visible , with two priminant ones in May and October . Most prominent dip occurs in February .
The graph shows the import of creamery butter ( month vs. tonnes ) in Canada in 2016 . First the rapid growth is observed in January , followed by a sharp decline in February . The import then raises slightly in March , remaining constant from April to June .
A graph plotting the price of new passenger car sales in Canada for every month of the year 2021 . Starting from aaround 16000 units in January , sales increase and peak in June at over 41000 before dropping to below 20000 by December .
This graph illustrates the monthly supply of skim milk powder in tonnes in the year of 2020 . Overall , there was a fairly steady decrease in supply throughout the year , with the exception of a surge in the months of June and July , and then again in December . The supply was highest in January and lowest in November .
This chart illustrates the land price index of Canada in 2016 . A minimum of 982 can be observed throughout the months of January until April . A slow , but constant increase takes place from April until August , reaching a value of almost 987 .
The average price of apples were relatively low in the beginning of the year at less than 4.40 dollars/kilogram until June , when it suddenly increased . It stays at a relatively high price of around 4.55 dollars/kilogram until November where it became slightly cheaper but still pretty expensive .
This line graph displays the production of fresh vegetables in Canada for 2018 using the farm product price index . A small decrease from January to February is followed by a steady increase until October , where the value again decreases for November and December .
In the following graph is described the monthly supply of creamery butter in tonnes about Canada during 2016 . The minimum value has been registered during the month of January and maximum during July . Furthermore , it 's possible to see how the supply of creamery butter is generally higher during spring and summer .
This chart shows the monthly total US vehicles entering Canada in 2019 . The data range from around 0.6  10^6 to 1.2  10^6 . The trend generally increased from January to August and decreased thereafter , with from April to July having almost linear increase .
This graph represents the Canadian production of Canola in 2018 . The given unit are tonnes . Production starts off at approximately 1150000 during January , after which a sharp decline is observed during February , reaching below 600000 .
This figure represents the Canadian price index of desktop and similar computers during 2018 . Maximum production is reached in the months of January and February at 962 . From then on production oscillates in a decreasing manner , plateauing at 959 during April and May and at 956 during June and July .
Production of creamery butter varies a lot throughout the year . Being mostly stable from February until April with approximately 10000 tonnes of creamery butter , a drop is observed from April until June . The production starts oscillating between June and November , whereas production varies between 8000 to 8500 tonnes .
It 's possible to see how the import value of creamery butter in Canada presented several fluctuations over the year . In particular during the first few months different peaks and dips have been recorded . Then the import value rapidly increased from August to November .
The chart represents the production of new motor vehicles ( month vs. profit in dollars ) in 2016 in Canada . The profit goes up rapidly in the first four months , then oscillates tending downward during May-September and finally plummets during September-December .
The provided graph displays the number of Canadian vehicles returning to Canada over the year 2016 divided by month . It starts out at around 150000 vehicles in January , falls to 135000 in February and rises continuously to over 220000 in August . The following month show a steady decrease to its second lowest point of just under 160000 in December .
The house price index in Canada during 2018 presents a quite ambiguous trend . Firstly , during the first few months , it slowly decrease . But then , from May to July , it recorded a considerable growth .
Amount of vehicles entering Canada in 2018 .
A line graph about the general decline trend in the supply of creamery butter in Canada of 2020 . There is a growth of supply but it fluctuates between every 2 to 3 months , and an overall of decline in supply by the end of the year .
Chart showing solar electricity generation in Canada in the year 2020 . Axis show megawatt hours per month . With a gradual increase to the summer months peaking at July , then a corresponding decline to in the winter months .
The graph highlights the production of fresh vegetables over the course of a year . It follow a `` U '' shape with a local increase in the month of June .
The following line chart is about the production of softwood and hardwood in Canada during 2018 . The described values are in cubic metres . It 's clearly possible to see how the production fluctuated over the year , with several peaks and dips .
The graph shows total number in millions of people of Canadian residents entering the country over the course of twelve consecutive months in 2020 . In the beginning of the year , the number of people is relatively high and dips sharply in March and April to way below 1 million for the rest of the year .
A line chart about the price index of Desktop and similar computer in Canada in the year 2018 . Values are analyzed in the different months of the year . With index values ranging from less than 954 to 962 .
The units of new passenger cars sold in each month of the year 2021 in Canada .
A line chart about the Commercial software prince index in Canada in the year 2016 . Values are analyzed in the different months of the year . With index values ranging from less than 1180 to more than 1220 .
A graph plotting the average retail price of a dozen eggs in Canada in 2021 by month . There is a general upward trend here . With a low in February around 3.60 and a high in August at around 3.90 before declining slightly to 3.82 by the end of the year .
The graph describes the import of creamery butter ( in tonnes ) in Canada during 2017 . As can be seen from the graph , the value reports two significant peaks during the month of March and June . The minimum value has been recorded during the month of September .
The average retail price for regular gasoline at a self-service kiosk has recognized a sharp decline from Jan to Apr , and then it soars back up to 105 cents/liter in July , then , it starts to fluctuate around 100~105 .
The production of oats in Canada 2021 fluctuated throughout the year . It reached its minimum in May and had a boost in September .
The new passenger car sales chart illustrate the amount of sales in Canada which were sold in every month in 2019 . X-axis unit are measured in month , and y-axis is measured in thousand dollars . Overall , the trend of new passenger car sales increases from Jan to May , decreases signifcantly from May to Aug , and then decreases gradually from Aug to Dec. .
The best time to buy a house in Canada in 2018 was between April and May .
The given graph shows the malt production in tons in Canada in 2017 . The Graph continuously rises from 52000 tons in January to 60000 in May , falls back to 53000 in June and rises to 63000 in July . The following months just show a steady decrease of production .
Cars entering Canada in one year .
This line chart reflects the production of eggs in a shell in Canada during 2018 . From January until March the production remains unaltered at approximately 1375 . From March until July a steady increase of up to 1405 can be observed .
This graph represents the production of new motor vehicles in Canada during 2016 . Production starts very low in January and undergoes a sharp increase until it reaches its peak of over 200000 motor vehicles in April . The following months production decreases , being almost steady at 175000 from July until September .
The graph is is an illustration of the average retail price for apples in Canada 2019 . The line graph shows that the average price for apples increased from January to June and in July took a dip in prices . After September the prices declined by a lot until the month of November where it began to increase again .
This graph depicts the production of oats in tonnes in Canada during 2017 . Production shows peaks in January and March , whereas it significantly drops after March , reaching its minimum of approximately 65000 in May . For the following months production slightly increases until August .
The graph shows the price index of serves in Canada during 2016 . At the beginning of the year , between January and March , the index considerably dropped down . After that , it has been oscillating over the rest of the year .
The values about hardwood production in Canada have been strongly flactuating over the 2016 . The most significant peak was recorded during June . At the same time , the lower value was during December .
This graph represents the total livestock and animal products of Canada in 2017 . The number of products experiences a sharp increase from January until reaching the maximum during June , whereas a small decline is observed in the month of April . From June until September the total livestock and animal products rapidly decline and reach a minimum of under 1340 in September .
The following line chart is about the production of new motor vehicles ( units ) in Canada during 2018 . It 's possible to see how the highest value was during May , when almost 220000 new motor vehicles have been producted . Furthermore , it 's also clear that January and December are the months with less new motor vehicles producted over 2018 in Canada .
The number of vehicles entering Canada during 2018 substantially increased over the summer months . In particular , the maximum value was reached during August . The minimum number of vehicles enterin Canada was during February .
The price index for servers in 2018 rapidly fell from a high in January , to its lowest point in March of 2016 . After that the price index saw some fluctuation in the coming months until November , where it dropped again and did not change in December .
Eggs production greatly increases during the second half of the year .
The following graph shows the average retail price for pork chops in Canada during the year 2019 . Overall , it illustrates a trend of unpredictable large oscillation throughout the year . Starts with the highest in January and reaches its lowest in November .
Graph elucidates the grain production in the year 2018 . Production experienced a general increase over the year , with a sharp spike in August and dips in the months of February , July and November .
This figure represents the Canadian production of rye during 2017 . The given unit are tonnes . Production remains mostly stable throughout the months of January until May , around 6000 to 8000 tonnes .
The average retail price for orange juice in Canada for the year 2021 is shown in the line chart . The price fluctuates through the year . It experiences several times ' rises and drops , reaching its minimum in July at below 4.3 dollars/litre .
This line graph shows international exports in all services in Canada in the year 2020 , per month . The units used are millions of dollars . There is one prominent peak in February , with a decline until June to July .
A graph showing the farm product price index over the course of the year 2016 in Canada . It shows a significant price drop in July followed by a steady increase of the FPPPI until October .
The graph shows the production of creamery butter in tonnes in Canada during 2019 . Overall , the level of production is relatively stable from January to September . The maximum production happened in October and created a significant peak in production .
The graph is a line chart , illustrating the commercial software price index in Canada . The data used is from 2018 . The y-axis showing the index ranges from 1125 to 1170 .
Creamery butter imports into Canada in 2018 . Imports were higher overall during the second half of the year ; however , the most noticeable feature is the sharp rise to a maximum value of over 1700 tonnes in June , followed by an equally sharp drop to a minimum value of less than 1100 tonnes in July .
This graph shows international imports in all services ( millions of dollars ) to Canada during 2021 , each month . There is a general upward trend . The graph was at its lowest in Feb and highest in Dec .
The total livestock and animal products in Canada has been quite steady during the first few months of the 2016 . After that , it rapidly declined from June until October . During last three months of the year it started to slightly increase again .
This figure represents the Canadian price index of servers in 2018 . The price index starts off at 1010 during January , and keeps decreasing throughout the following months , until it reaches its minimum value of below 998 in April . From then on there is a sharp increase , peaking in July at above 1012 .
The diagramm showes the toatal farm production index of Canada over the year 2017 . From January to March the index increase . in April there is a small drop and afterwards a continous increase till June .
The line chart describes the number of total vehicles entering Canada during 2018 . It 's clearly possible to observe that this value rapidly growed from January to August , showing the highest values during the summer months . During the last few months of the year the number of total vehicles entering Canada rapidly decreased .
This line chart shows the average retail price for apples in Canada in the unit of Dollars per Kilogram for the year 2021 . The price is steadily increasing from January to June , and then it starts to increase steeply until August when the price is the highest of the year . It then dropped dramatically and reaches the lowest point in November , and becomes better in December .
The graph shows the price index of laptop computer in the year 2016 in Canada . The price index fluctuates hugely the first four monthes and reach the maximum in May . It falls in June and July and drop massivly in August .
The production of canola in tonnes in Canada during 2016 is shown in this line chart . Production sharply increases from January until March . During the following months production fluctuates in an overall decreasing manner until it reaches its minimum in August .
This graph shows the monthly amount of oats produced in Canada in 2018 in tonnes . Oat production stayed within the range of 80000 and 210000 tonnes each month . While most months averaged production at around 140000 tonnes , February , June and July saw dips in production to around 90000 tonnes and the fall months saw a higher harvest , 16000 and above 200000 tonnes consecutively .
The chart shows the production of creamery butter in Canada throughout the year 2021 . Production was minimal throughout the summer months , staying at around 8400 to 8600 tonnes from June through September . The remaining months exhibited much more fluctuation than in summer while all yielding greater production numbers than the summer months .
The graph shows the livestock and animal products value in Canada during 2018 . The values are described using the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . The products index shown several fluctuations .
The graph shows the average retail price for eggs in Canada from January to December 2021 . Prices shows are in dollars per dozen eggs and range from a low of less than 3.65 in February to a high of over 3.90 in August . Prices rose sharply between February and March and between July and August .
The diagram showes the Production of new motor vehicles in Dollar over the year 2016 in Canada . In januarry less than 4500000 vehicles were produced ( lowest ) . Till April the production increase steadyly and reach the highest value .
The production of oats in Canada oscillates in 2020 . The pattern is in an 'M ' shape , with two peaks in April and September . The production remains steady for the rest of the months .
This graph shows the average retail price of eggs measured in dollars per dozen for each month of the year 2020 in Canada . The lowest price point was in March and the highest price was in September . .
The production of new motor vehicle in Canada in 2017 climbed from 120000 to 220000 from Jan to May . Then it dropped until Jul , was stable until Sep. with a final further decline to 130000 at the end of the year .
The following graph depicts the Canadian production of oats in tonnes during 2018 . In January approximately 160000 tonnes were produced , after which a sharp drop can be observed for February , reaching slightly below 100000 . Production remain mostly stable throughout March to May , with the lowest production coming up in July at 80000 .
The graph shows total hardwood production ( thousand cubic metres ) in Canada in 2020 , each month . The graph peaks in February , while it is at its lowest in November . There was a sharp decline in hardwood production between February and April , while there was a sharp increase from January to February .
This graph shows the production of creamery butter by the ton per month . The monthly output weight ranges from 8000 to 13000 tonnes on the y axis . The best production month was January while the worst was September .
This is a line graph showing the 2017 price index of laptops in Canada . There is a declining trend throughout the year , with a slight spike in October . The graph 's peak is in February at 994 , and the graph 's trough is in December at 970 .
The average retail price of apples in Canada for the year 2020 , depicting Dollars per Kilo on a month over month basis . We see a bit of a fluctuation in the starting months with the bottom in April , Then a steep increase in the summer months with the yearly high in August . Then shows a gradual decline in the winter months with a small bump up in December to cap off the year .
The graph shows the average retail price for eggs in Canada in 2019 . The graph offers a increasing trend with the month going from January to December . The graph boost from Jan to Feb but experience a drop from Feb to Mar .
The following graph shows the total farm production index value in Canada during 2017 , and the values are described using the farm product price index ( FPPI ) as UOM . It 's possible to see how the production value considerably increased from January until July . After that , it dropped between July and September .
The total softwood and hardwood production in Canada showed an oscillating trend over 2017 . In particular , couple of peaks have been registered , mainly during the months of March and May . At the same time , the production value showed its minimum values during the months of July and December .
The line chart depicts the import of skim milk powder in Canada in 2019 . The imports fluctuate a lot in the year . It grows sharply from January to February and reduces considerably from February to March .
This graph illustrates values about the total farm production index in Canada during 2018 . Those values are described using the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . It 's clearly possible to see how the maximum values of production are registered during the summer months .
A graph of the total number of United States vehicles entering Canada every month in 2021 . The amount increases slightly until July , when it soars by August before easing the rest of the year .
From the graph it is clear that desktop and similar computers are cheapest during the months of August , September , and October for the 2016 year . They are the most expensive in February but see a steady decline until the month of September .
This line chart shows the number of tonnes of creamery butter imported to Canada in 2021 . The number of tonnes oscillates throughout the year with the highest amount of approximately 2470 tonnes recorded in May , and the lowest amount of approximately 1500 tonnes recorded in February .
The graph illustrates the productioin of Rye in tonnes in 2016 . The first few montes till May the graph stays quite constant at a low level of about 5000 tonnes , besides a small peak in March up to nearly 10000 tonnes . The graph starts to increase continusly from May to July .
The production of creamery butter has been relatively unstable during 2020 . It initially started at more than 12000 tones but dropped 16 % to 10000 tones in February . It then recovered in April only for it to decrease even more to less than 9000 tones until November , where it suddenly increased to 11000 tones .
The graph shows the production of rye in tonnes in Canada throughout 2020 . The production remains mostly stable from January to July with production ranging between 10000 and 16666 . The production sharply increases in August and reaches 50000 before rapidly falling throughout September and October back down to 15000 .
A line chart about the increase in total international travelers entering Canada in 2021 . The beginning of the year is fairly steady with about 1 million people entering the country . In July , there is a sharp increase in the total international travelers entering Canada .
Tablet computer price index in Canada for 2016 . The price index slowly trended downwards throughout the year but experienced three significant drops : in March , in September ( possibly coinciding with back-to-school sales ) , and in December ( possibly due to Boxing Day and Boxing Week sales ) .
The international imports in all services in Canada of the year 2020 are shown in the line chart . The imports start from over 15000 million dollars and rapidly decline till May . Then it maintains at the same level during rest of the year .
This graph represents the rate of New trucks sales in Canada during 2020 . It shows that it starts out at around 4.3 billion dollars in January . It reaches a low of 2 billion dollars in April .
The graph shows the total number of United States vehicles entering Canada in each of the months during 2019 . The maximum number of vehicles entering in a month has been recorded for August . From February to August , this number has been continuing to grow .
The line graph shows the sales of the new truck in Canada for 2021 . The number grows from January to March from around 80000 units to around 140000 units . It then shrinks from March to the end of the year except for a slight rise in June .
A line chart of Canada 's production of skim milk powder in 2020 . It trends downward during the year but rapidly oscillates . In the last month it rises up to 8000 .
The maximum value of total canadian vehicles returning to the country during 2018 has been reached during the month of August . In particular , the value started to grow in March reaching its peak in August . After that , it slowly decreased .
The graph shows the the number of United States vehicles entering Canada in 2018 . As illustrated form the graph , the spring months show the amount of cars steadily increasing and reaching their highest point in summer . For the following months , in fall , the amount of cars entering decline and reach their lowest point in winter .
The shown data are about the total farm production index in Canada during 2016 . The maximum value was recorded during the month of June . After that , a big drop has been registered between June and September .
We can note the average retail price for pork chops in Canada in 2019 from the line chart shown . The price fluctuates throughout the whole year . It starts at the highest value in January at above 12.3 Dollars/kilograms and declines to March .
The value about softwood and hardwoock stocks in Canada rapidly increased during the first months of 2016 . After that , a considerable drop was recorded between the months of May and July . During the last months of the year the softwood and hardwood stocks slowly declined .
This graph illustrates the trend in total vehicles entering Canada in 2021 . The months of March , August and December had a dramatic increase in the number of vehicles compared to the previous months , followed by a slight decline in the following month . .
The production of rye in Canada during 2018 is represented in the following graph . The unit given is tonnes . Production remains mainly stable throughout January to March at approximately 13000 tonnes .
This graph depicts the total number of United States vehicles entering in Canada during 2016 . The lowest number of vehicles is observed in January , at approximately 640000 . During the following months numbers of entering vehicles steadily increase until reaching the maximum number the year 2016 in July with approximately 1250000 .
This line chart shows the production of skim milk powder in tonnes in Canada in 2020 . The number of tonnes produced throughout the year fluctuates . A steadily declining trend can be observed in the graph .
The graph shows the values of House price index in Canada during 2016 . It 's clearly possible to see how it rapidly increased over the year , with really few and light fluctuations . The minimum value has been recorded during January and the maximum one during December .
This graph describes how many new truck sales there are each month in Canada during 2019 . There is a decline in new truck sales during winter and a spike in sales from March to August .
The production of canola in Canada in 2019 is depicted in the line chart . The production maintains at the same level from January to September . It jumps dramatically to over 2600000 tonnes in October , reaching its maximum value .
New truck sales in Canada have been progressively decreasing since March 2021 . From January to March , however , there was a massive soar in sales , reaching almost 140000 units . .
The commercial software price index in Canada considerably increased over 2018 . The minimum value was in January around 1130 . The maximum value was in December around 1167 .
This graph shows the Total Canadian vehicles returning to the country in 2019 . The number of cars entering is about 1510198.09 at the start of the year . It increases towards fall There is a peak at 2339189.19 in August .
The following graph is about the production of rye in Canada during 2017 ; the values are in tonnes . It shows a clearly growth from January over , reaching its maximum value during October . Then it 's possible to see a significant drop from October to November .
The accompanying shows the monthly development of total livestock and animal products production in the year 2016 in Canada , measured in FPPI . It starts out at 1450 in January , increases slightly to just shy of 1475 in March , falls to 1430 in April and increases again to 1460 in June . After that it constantly decreases until reaching its lowest point of 1260 in October .
The total farm production index from the year 2016 is showen by the graph . in Jannuary it starts increasing continously till March , decreas a little bit in April and increase again till it reach the annual maximum of around 1375 in June . The folowing monthes the index decrease rapidly till October and reaches the minimum value of about 1245. in November and December it increases again .
The graph shoes the overall decrease in tablet computer prices throughout the year . The months of March , June , September and December experienced more sharp drops than the others . The price index climbed slghtly after each sharp drop , but proceeded to slide again .
Production of creamery decreased sharply in Canada in the period January-June from 11500 to about 8000 . Then it was kind of stable , slightly fluctuating until November , with a rapid growth in December , reaching 10000 by the end of the year .
The graph showes production of creamery butter in tonnes in the year 2017 . The highest production is in January with around 11450 tonnes . It decreases in February and stay nearly constant till April .
This line chart describes the supply of creamery butter in Canada over the year of 2020 . The supply constantly fluctuates each month , but there is a general downward trend over the entire year . The supply starts at around 40500 tonnes at the start of the year , peaks at around 42500 tonnes in April , but then declines down to 36000 tonnes by December .
This graph represents the house and land price index of Canada in 2017 . Overall a content increase can be observed throughout the year , starting at approximately 1001 in January and increasing of uptimes to 1033 in November where it plateaus like that until December .
Land Price Index in Canada in the year of 2018 . The graphic shows the course of the Land Price Index in Canada over the year 2018 . It is noticeable that the index initially remains constant for the beginning of the year and then rises sharply towards the end of the year .
The chart shows the trend of the average retail price for eggs in Canada during 2019 . This graph offers an overall upward trend , especially from March to October , with the value 0.26 dollars more than the previous . The average retail price only decreased from February to March , and from October to November .
The production of Malt in Canada during 2016 showed several fluctuations during the year . The production values have been displayed using Tonnes as unit of measurement . The most relevant peaks have been recorded during the months of February and June .
International imports in all services in Canada considerably increased in 2021 . The growth began in May at less than 10500 million dollars and was above 12000 million dollars in December .
The graph illustrates the production of rye in canada in the year 2017 . The production is very low in the first third of the year , before it rises sharply until October , reaching a maximum of 20000 tonnes . Then the production decrease again for the remaining months of the year .
This chart shows the count of new passenger cars sales in Canada for the year 2019 . The sales increases from January to May , when the increase in February and April is very rapid . The highest quantity sealed is almost 60000 and it happened at the beginning of May .
The above graph describes the average retails prices for ketchup in Canada in 2020 . The price was rising from January to April , before a big drop in May . Then , it is constantly rising to November and remains stable in December .
Production of creamery butter significantly increase near Christmas .
As it can be seen from the graph , the total number of Unitated States vehicles entering in Canada during 2017 presented the highest values during the summer period . In particular , the maximum value has been reached during July . The month with less United States vehicles entering Canada over the year has been February 2017 .
The international exports in all severices graph demonstrates the export value trend in Canada for each month in 2021 . The y-axis unit are measured in millions dollar , and x-axis units are measured in month . The overall trend start rising slowly from Jan to Mar , and quickly declined from Mar to May , and finally the trend grows from May to Dec. .
The production of oats strongly fluctuated over the 2017 in Canada . It does n't really have an ascendant or descendant trend . The most significant dip has been recorded in May .
The chart shows the variation of house price in Canada during the year 2018 . The higher price was identify during the month of January , followed by a considerable decline till May , when it returns to rise rapidly . Prices remain steady in the last 4 months of the year .
This chart shows how the Canadian total farm production index varies by month throughout 2018 . We see a distinctive season pattern . Production starts at a middling level in the first three months of the year , before a rapid increase from April to July , where it reaches a peak .
This line graph shows the amount of sales , in thousands of dollars , of passenger cars in Canada in the year 2019 . There was a drastic spike in sales amount , peaking in the month of May , and then declining until the month of December .
The commercial software price index in Canada decreased over 2016 . It 's clearly possible to see how it rapidly drop from January to April . After that , the price index values have been fluctuating for most of the year .
This graph represents the price index of Desktop and similar computers in Canada in 2017 . The maximum price of approximately 1004 can be observed during January , whereas the price steadily decreases during the following months until May with 989 . There is a sharp drop in June at a value of 973 .
Total softwood production in cubic meters in Canada in 2018 is shown in the graph . Production in January starts at roughly 5650 m3 , and it shrinks the next month . In March , this value goes back up and remains steady until May .
The production of chickens , turkeys , chicks and poults fluctuates in Canada during the year 2016 . From Januar until June it is remaining almost stable . From June until October it rises continuously and reaches the maximum value in october .
A line chart about Production of new motor vehicles per units in Canada in the year 2018 . The value grows until May and then decreases .
As it can be seen from the graph , the price index about desktop and similar computer in Canada during 2018 slowly decreased over the year with several fluctuations . During January and February the values remain stable , without any changes . The minimum values have been recorded during August and October .
As it 's possible to see from the graph , the tablet computers price index in Canada rapidly decreased over 2017 . Few fluctuations have been reported over the year . The maximum value has been recorded during March and the minimum during December 2017 .
Poultry production cost for each month in Canada in 2018 . The cost index , at its lowest near the beginning of the year , steadily rose from less than 1180 in March to over 1260 August , then settled in September at roughly 1240 .
This graph shows the average retail price for regular gasoline at self-service stations in Canada during 2021 . It shows that the price started at a low of just over 110 Cents/litre . It steadily increased until October , where it reached a high of about 146 Cents/litre .
Graphic of the market prices trend of Computers in Canada 2016 . This graphic shows the trend of the computers prices in 2016 for the canadian market . It immediatly affect you how the prices raise from january to february and then slowly decrease until July .
The chart illustrates the trend of the import weight of skim milk powder in Canada during 2019 . In February , the weight reached the highest point , while it reached the lowest point in December . From March to July , it remained stable .
This is a connected scatterplot of hardwood production in Canada for the year 2021 . It shows the amount of hardwood sold in cubic metres per month for the whole year . July had the lowest sales while March had the highest sales .
It 's clearly possible to see how the price index of desktop and similar computers in Canada has been significantly decreasing over 2017 . Few fluctuations of the value have been recorded , but without any significant peaks or dips . The highest value was in January .
Chart shows the Value of shipments of lime in Canada in the year 2020 . Depicting the dollar value on a month over month basis , where we see a gradual increase from the starting months to the peak in June then a steep drop in Dollar value in August but a rapid climb back up close to the yearly high in November with another steep decline in December .
This is a line chart about the production of canolas in Canada for the year 2019 . Starting from Jan with 1.8 tones production , it remained lower than 1.8 tones until September , when the production increases hugely to around 2.75 tones . It then quickly drops to 1.5 tones in November and slightly increases to around 2 tones in Dec .
The production of new motor vehicles in Canada in 2018 rose sharply until May , from 120000 to 220000 units . Then it started decreasing , reaching the same January level of 120000 in December , at the end of the year .
The number of total vehicles entering Canada in 2016 is depicted in this graph . During January approximately 2100000 vehicles enter . These numbers slightly decrease to 2000000 in February , the lowest value of the year .
The production of fresh vegetables in Canada increased constantly in 2018 ( from 1410 to 1450 FPPI ) , with the exception of the October-December period when it decreased to 1440 .
This is a line chart that shows the trend of the total Canadian vehicles returning to the country in the year 2019 . The amount remains low during the winter months including January to March and October to December . There 's an increasing trend starting from March to August when it reaches the highest point .
The graph shows a general downward trend of the price of Tablet computers over the year 2017 in Canada . There was a slight price climb in the middle of the year . As this is a price index and the y-axis is missing , one can only assume a relative decrease in price .
The average retail price for sirloin steak grows exponentially from January to June and reaches the peak in June . Then decreases rapidly in August . Then it remains steady until December .
The production of oats in Canada 2020 fluctuates throughout the year with a plunge in May and a soar during the fall season .
A line graph about the average retail price for ketchup in Canada of the year 2021 . From January to July , the slope fluctuates up and down with a general trend of decreasing . Starting in August , the cost of ketchup has a significant increase , which it reaches the max of the upper year , and later surpasses and gradually increases , reaching to a cost of 4.4 dollars per litre at the end of the year .
Total softwood production in Canada for the year 2021 is displayed in this line chart . The value of interest is cubic metres by the thousands sold per month . While March faired the best with the most softwood sold , December faired the worst with close to none being sold .
This graph shows the number of Canadian residents entering Canada in 2019 . The number of Canadians entering Canada fluctuates from season to season , with two the two peaks being March and August . The number seems to be the lowest during the months Februrary , June , and November .
We can see from the graph that total hardwood production has ben very volatile in 2019 . It started moderately in January and increased to an all year high of nearly 120 thousand cubic meters . However , as we approach middle of the year it dropped to less than 70 thousand cubic meters after which it rebounded in October and November but fell even more in December .
The graph shows the total international travallers entering the country for Canada in year 2021 . The whole main trend is increasing and specifically grow from Jun to Jul , in the other times , remain stable smoothly raise for the trend . Even though , for the Jan to Feb , people get a small lose but overall , most of the time are raise well in the data .
The graph indicates the house price index in canada in the year 2016 . As shown the index increases during the hole year until he reaches the maximum of 1000 in December . Unfortunately , you can not say more about this graph .
As it 's shown in the graph , the number of vehicles entering Canada during 2016 has been much higher during the summer compared with the other months of the year . In particular , the maximum number of vehicles entering Canada in 2016 has been registered during August . At the same time , the minimum value during February .
Hardwood production in Canada for each month of 2017 . While production varied between less than 1100 cubic metres and over 1500 cubic metres in a given month , there do not seem to be any trends in the value over time .
A line chart showing the total number of vehicles entering Canada for each month in 2019 . The number of vehicles entering Canada starts at around 2 million in January and increases to just below 3.6 million in August . In the next month , the value plummets to 2.8 million and continues to decrease through to the end of the year .
A line chart about the import of skim milk powder in Canada in the year 2021 . The import of skim milk powder was volatile throughout the year 2021 , with hug swings in July , but a large decline come the end of the year , reaching the lows of below 150 tonnes imported .
This is a line graph showing the total 2017 imports of creamery butter to Canada in Tonnes . The graph has significant fluctuations between each month . There is a substantial spike in June , which was the peak month at over 2500 tonnes .
The provided graph depicts the development of the price index for tablet computers in Canada in 2016 , divided by month . After a slow decline from 943 in January to 938 in February it crashes , reaching a low point of 897 in March . Afterwards it rises to 924 in April and then slowly but constantly declines to 876 in December .
The production of malt in Canada reported some strong oscillations of the value during 2018 . As it 's possible to see from the graph , several peaks and dips have been registered . The most significant peaks were during March and July .
A line chart about the price index concerning the commercial software in Canada , 2016 . The index dropped from 1218 to stabilizes around 1185 by the month of April .
Servers price index in 2018 from April to July has sharply increased .
The graph shows the value of shipments of salt in dollars in Canada throughout 2020 . The value drops sharply in March down to a low of 2.5 before recovering quickly back to 3.7 in April . The value rises to 4.2 in June but slowly declines montly until October .
The line chart is describing the values about production of grains in Canada during 2018 . The production amout is described using the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . The minimum recorded value is during February .
The price index of servers in Canada during 2017 is depicted in this line chart . Two maxima are reached during the months of January and June . Between aforementioned months the price varies and reaches a low point during April , from which there is a sharp increase until June .
The total number of United States vehicles returning presents a steep growth over the first half of the year . In particular , it starts to grow during the month of February until reaching its peak during July 2017 . After that , it slightly start to decrease over the last few months of the year .
The following line chart is about the New trucks sales in Canada during the year 2019 . The values are reported using thousands of dollars as the unit of measure . It is clearly possible to see several peaks over the year and fluctuates during the summer .
The following line chart describes the production values of total hardwood in Canada during 2016 . The unit of measurement of the data is cubic metres . The production showed several peaks during the year , mainly during March , June and November .
This line chart shows the number of international travellers entering Canada in 2020 . In both January and February , there are around 6.5 million international travellers entering the country monthly . We can observe a plunge in March and April .
This graph represents the total non-resident travellers entering Canada in 2019 . The graph starts out in January , where the number of Persons is 1.5e6 . It reaches a peak of 4.5e6 in July .
A line chart about the import of skim milk powder in Canada in the year 2020 . The year started off with a large plunge in imports , hitting an all time low in March . This slowly grew throughout the middle of the year , finally fluctuating to its all time high at above 350 tonnes and finishing off the year at 250 tonnes .
This chart shows the production of fresh fruit , by the farm product price index , in Canada in 2017 . We see a generally increasing pattern throughout the year . We start at a markedly low level of production from January until May , at which point production starts to increase until July .
The new passenger cars sales in Canada of the year 2019 are shown in the time-series line charts . The number rapidly grows from January to May and then drastically shrinks till the end of the year , reaching its minimum at around 25000 units .
This line chart shows monthly total solar electricity generation in Canada in 2020 . The chart shows a steady increase in electricity generated from January to July , when it reached a peak at 350000 megawatt hours , and then an equally steady decline until December .
The production of grains in Canada during 2018 reported several fluctations . Even that , it shows a significant peak during the month of August . The minimum value has been registered during the month of February .
The average retail price for ketchup in Canada grew in 2021 . There was a steady climb from August to the end of the year . It fluctuated and decreased before August , however .
The land price index for Canada during the year of 2018 increased from April to December . The price index plateaued during the months of March through April , June through August , September through October and November through December .
In this graph , the price index of laptop computers can be seen . The data illustrated was collected in Canada in 2016 . The graph 's line shows many ups and downs , with an overall high in February and May ( index of 1010 ) and an overall low in August ( index of 997 ) .
This graph shows the number of vehicles entering the United States in 2016 . The number of cars entering is about 700000 at the start and end of the year . It increases towards summer .
The production of fresh fruit in Canada during 2017 has been increasing over the year . Even that , several fluctuations have been recorded , in particular during the first months of the year . The maximum values have been recorded during November and December .
This graph depicts the production of eggs in shell in Canada during 2017 . The unit is farm product price index ( FPPI ) . Production starts off at approximately 1363 in January and goes down to the lowest production at 1362 during February .
The given graph shows the average retail price developement of laptop computers in Canada in the year 2017 split into the different months . In january the price started out at 992 dollars , increased slightly and then plummeted to 976 dollars average in June . A short incline happend in July just for it falling back onto the June price in august .
The total vehicles entering Canada line chart demonstrates the number of entering in every month in 2021 . Overall , the number of entering rises continuously through the year , but there are some fluctuation back and forth occurs in Mar and Aug . In the end of Dec , the number of entering reached to 1.1e6 vehicles entering .
Production of rye in Canada during 2018 got a considerable peak during August . During most of the year the values have been fluctuating up and down , with several peaks and dips . Even that , the minimum value over 2018 has been recorded in December .
This graph displays the price fluctuation of ketchup over the course of a year . The data is specific to the Canadian market and is only for the year 2020 . The price is calculated in dollars per litre .
This graph depicts the total softwood production in Canada in 2016 in cubic meters . The values range from roughly 57000 in March to 46000 in December . January to March there is an increase in production , March to July production decreased and reached 50000 in July .
Production of poultry including chickens , turkeys , chicks and poults reaches its maximum during the month of May with a number of 1215 in Canada . The biggest increase in production of poultry can be observed from February until May , while a drop from May to July takes place . From August until November the production remains quite stable at approximately 1205 and starts decreasing until it reaches its minimum in February below 1190 .
this graph shows the average retail price for regular gasoline at self-service stations in Canada during 2021 , each month . The graph shows a general upward trend . The lost point on the graph was in Jan , while the highest was in Oct .
The graph shows the supply of skim milk powder in tonnes in Canada during 2019 . The values are steady for the first three months and peak in April . The supply amount generally declines after April except for a significant surge in October and a slight increase in December .
The graph shows the house price index increasing over the year . It stayed the same for the mon of May and September but was increasing continuously throughout the year otherwise .
The total softwood and hardwood production in Canada has been strongly fluctuating over 2018 . It 's clearly possible to identify several peaks and dips . The maximum value was during May .
the total vehicle entering Canada in 2017 were about 2000000 in Jan and Feb. then , they increased linearly until Aug , reaching 3400000 . The they decreased considerably to 2400000 , almost back to where they started from .
Continuous increase of the house and land price index in Canada during the year 2017 .
This graph indicates the number of total Canadian vehicles returning to the country in 2017 . The lowest number of approximately 1400000 can be observed during the month of February . Over the following 4 months a steady increase takes place .
The following line chart is decribing the trend of the total farm production index in Canada during 2018 . The values are described using the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . It can be seen from the graph that the values are frequently fluctuating over the year , showing several peaks and dips .
This graph represents the price index of laptop computers in Canada in 2018 . The peak value can be observed during January at 966 . During the following months the price index fluctuates , until there is a sharp decline from May to June , reaching the lowest value of 952 .
The chart shows the average retail price for regular gasoline at self-service stations across Canada in 2019 . After a drastic increase from the minimum of around 108 cents/litre in January to the maximum of around 131 cents/litre in May , the price gradually decreased , with some minor fluctuations , until the end of the year where it ended at around 115 cents/litre in December .
This graph shows a general upward trend in the price index of commercial software in Canada in 2018 . While there were drops in the price index in April and August from their respective previous months , the graph obeyed an increasing trend .
This graph depicts the total Canadian softwood production in cubic metres in 2018 . The unit given is cubic metres . Production starts at around 5600 in January and drops to approximately 5180 in February .
Note that on the graph for average retail price for regular gasoline that it was initially very expensive , at 115 cents/litre . But from February to April , it began to decrease rapidly , from ~110 cents/litre to less than 80 cents/litre . But then it recovered to a steady level at around 102 cents/litre .
In this graph , the production of rye in Canada is illustrated . The x-axis shows the months of the year of 2016 , whereas the y-axis depicts the production in tonnes . Values in August and September stand out , reaching almost 25000 in September .
The graph shows the production of wheat flour in thousands metric tonnes in Canada during 2020 . Overall , the average level of production is at the maximum from August to November . The minimum production happened in February , followed by a significant peak in production during March .
The graph shows total United States vehicles entering Canada in 2020 every month . The maximum vehicles recorded entering were in the month of Feb . There was a sharp decline in the number of vehicles entering from Feb to Apr .
The graph shows the monthly average retail price for ketchup in dollars/litre in Canada during 2021 . The price oscilates from January to August with prices ranging between 3.9 and 3.55 . The price increases from August to December going from 3.55 to 4.4 .
It illustrates the stocks of softwood and hardwood in Canada during 2016 using cubic metres as unit of measurement . From January to April has been recorded a slightly increase . The value significantly dropped from May to July , and then it remain steady for the last months of the year .
It shows the supply of creamery butter in Canada during 2018 . The values are described using Tonnes as UOM . It rapidly increase from January for the first half of the year .
A line chart about international imports in all services in Canada in 2020 . The imports drop slightly from 15000 million dollars to 14000 million dollars from January to March . Then the imports fall dramatically to 10000 million dollars in April , then maintain the same level for the rest of the year .
Plot graph describing how many motor bikes were produced in 2017 in Canada .
The graph shows the Average retail price for sirloin steak in Canada during 2019 . Generally , the production recorded its highest values in June reaching a peak of around 23.4 dollars per kilogram . Then , it follows by a sudden drop after Jun and remains to fluctuate around the low point .
The line chart shows the total number of vehicles entering Canada during 2016 . It 's clearly possible to see how during the summer months the amount of car entering Canada is way higher than the rest of the year , reaching the maximum value during the month of August with around 3400000 cars .
This connected line graph provides an overview of the amount of creamery butter produced in Canada in the year 2019 . Production for the product peaked in Jan 2020 and the lowest production month was Aug . There is a steep dip in the graph as summer approaches , but production picks up again from September .
We can see the line chart shows the production of creamery butter in Canada in 2020 . The production oscillates within the whole year . It drops dramatically from January to February and then rises till April .
2017 : Production of chickens , turkeys , chicks , poults in Canada , with a peak in may and the lowest production in february .
The line chart shows the number of vehicles entering Canada during 2019 . The chart indicates a major growth in the numbers from beginning of 2019 to August and a sharp drop afterwards . The highest and lowest numbers are about 3.55 millions in August and 1.95 millions in February respectively .
This line chart represent the number of total Canadian vehicles returning in 2016 . A slow , but steady increase is taking place from March until it reaches its peak in August with a total number of 2200000 . After August the total number of Canadian vehicles returning starts decreasing until reaching its minimum value below 1400000 in February .
It 's clearly possible to see how the supply of creamery butter in Canada during 2018 rapidly increased from January over . In particular , it reached its peak during the month of June 2018 . After that , it started to decline until September .
The following graph describes how the FPPI ( farm product price index ) about production of eggs in shell in Canada has been slowly increasing during 2017 . In particular , it increased from 1362 in February to 1371 in December .
A line chart about the production of Canola in Canada in the year 2020 . Canola production did not prove to be very fruitful for the early half of the year . However we were able to see a huge surge in Canola production in September , jumping up to over 3 tonnes in the month .
A graph plotting the average retail price for a kilogram of sirloin steak in Canada for every month in the year 2020 . Starting a low below $ 22 , the price soars to nearly $ 27 by June before plunging to $ 22.5 by August and remains stable for the rest of the year .
Malt production in Canada in 2017 . The production trends were fairly smooth for most of the year , rising from January to May , falling from August to November , and staying at or above 50000 tonnes until the end of the year . By comparison , June and July showed strong fluctuations in production , and the value dropped to its all-year low of under 40000 tonnes in December .
A significant fluctuation can be found from January to April , in which the production ranges from 180 to 215 thousands metric tones . Then the production grows from 195 to 225 with some oscillation during April to October and reaches the peak in October . Then it declines rapidly and falls to 200 in December .
The graph illustrates the import of skim milk powder in Canada 2021 . The there was an increase from January to February . Then from February to May there was a decrease in imports .
The amount of import creamery butter in Canada during 2018 presented strong variations in its values over the year . It 's possible to identify several peaks , dips and curves . During June and July has been recorded a massive drop of the import value .
The new trucks sales begin at around 4 thousands dollars , followed by a rapid decline to reach the lowest point in April . Then it raises steeply to 6 from April to June . During June to September , it continues the increase but with a steady speed .
As it 's shown in the graph , the production of new motor vehicles in Canada during 2016 rapidly increased fom January to April . After that , it slowly slide down from April until the end of the year . The maximum number of new motor vehicles in Canada during 2016 was in April .
The price index of desktop and similar computers in Canada in 2017 is illustrated by this graph . Whereas the maximum of 1004 can be observed during January , a slow drop can be seen until May . The graph depicts a sharp drop between May and June , reaching 973 .
A line chart of Canada 's supply of creamery butter in 2021 . It stays around the same level except for a large spike in September .
Increase of house price index during 2017 months per months .
A graph showing the FPPPI for the production of poultry in Canada over the course of the year 2018 . The FPPI has risen steadily until August and then dropped slowly .
This line chart shows the monthly value of lime shipments into Canada in tens of millions of dollars for the period from January 2020 to December 2020 . This value fluctuated throughout the year , following a pattern of gradual increases over several months and then a sharp decline . These declines happened between July and August and again between November and December .
A line graph showing the total non-resident travelers entering Canada in the year 2021 . Between the months of January and June , the number people remains steady . July marks the beginning of a dramatic surge in the non-resident travelers entering Canada , which accelerates in August before calming down in September .
The number of canadian vehicles returning to the country during 2017 registered the highest values during the summer months . In particular , the maximum number was recorded during August 2017 . At the same time , the lowest value of the year was during the month of February .
The following line chart is about the production of creamery butter in Canada during 2016 . The values are reported in tonnes . It shows how the production is actually falling down from January to August , when it reaches its minimum .
This graph represents the price index of laptop computers in Canada . The price is the highest during the month of January at 966 . From February until May the price starts fluctuating between roughly 959 to 963 .
The total united states vehicles entering graph indicates that the number of entering in Canada in every month in 2020 . The number of entering in Jan is in the peak and decreases drastically from Jan to Apr , and then the overall trend increases slowly through Apr to Dec. .
This graph shows Canada 's international exports in all of its services for each month of the year 2020 . It is measured in millions of dollars , it is highest in the first few months of the years , then dips during the summer months , and goes up again in the last few months of the year . .
This line graph shows the units of passenger cars sold in Canada in 2019 . The number of units sold jumps from 27000 to 59000 between January and May . Then the number of units uniformly declines to 25000 after May .
Chart depicts the production of Canola in Canada in the year 2021 , showing tonnes on a month over month basis . We see a gradual decline from January all the way to August , until September comes where a massive spike and the yearly high is made the a steep decline to October with again a gradual decline to the end of the year .
The dollar per litre average retail price of orange juice in Canada for each month of the year 2021 .
Peaked in the middle of July . Looks like a normal distribution . Increase sharply from Feb to Jul , then dropped sharply from Aug to Nov .
The total solar electricity generation begins at a low level in January and increases rapidly with a steady speed . It reaches the peak in July with around 350000 megawatt hours . After the peak , it decreases rapidly with slight instability of the speed until December .
It shows the data about supply of creamery butter in Canada during 2016 . The displayed values are in tones . It 's possible to see how the value rapidly increase from January over , reaching its peaks during the month of July with approximately 29000 tonnes .
It describes the price index of laptop computer in Canada during 2016 . It 's clearly possible to see how the values are strongly fluctuating over the year . The maximum values have been recorded during the may of February and May .
A chart showing total international travellers entering Canada by month , in which travellers count drops significantly after April due to the pandemic of COVID19 .
The provided graph displays the number of Canadian vehicles returning to Canada over the year 2016 divided by month . It starts out at around 1500000 vehicles in January , falls to 1350000 in February and rises continuously to over 2200000 in August . The following month show a steady decrease to its second lowest point of just under 1600000 in December .
The displayed chart shows the total number of vehicles entering Canada during 2018 . It 's possible to see how the highest values have been recorded during the spring and summer months . In particular , the maximum number of cars entering Canada has been reached July and a August .
The shown graph is about the production of rye in Canada during 2018 . The production values are quantified using tonnes as unit of measure . As can be seen from the graph , the values are oscillating over the year .
A line graph about the average retail price for regular gasoline at self-service stations . The price gradually rises from the beginning of the year to May . Then we see a drop of cost in June and a rise again in July .
This line graph displays the land price index in Canada for 2016 . The index is unchanged from January to April , where it rises steadily until August . From August to November there is a steep increase , with the value remaining unchanged in December .
The graph showes the anual price index of tablet computers in the year 2017 . The price in the first thre month is very high , especially in March . The following month ist drops and increase again in June and stays constant till July .
This line graph displays total softwood production in cubic metres in Canada for 2016 . The amount fluctuates with an increase from January to March , followed by a slow decrease from March to June . A steep reduction follows in July , matched by an equally steep increase in August .
This graph describes the international exports in all services in Canada for the year 2021 . The number of exports has overall increased by the end of the year . There was a steep drop in exports during the months of May to August .
The provided graph depicts the changes in the production of unprocessed milk in Canada in 2016 . The first value sits at 1045 in January , giving way to a slight increase to 1068 that is followed by a decline back to 1046 in April . A short rise follows in may but its crashing to 1010 in July .
The graph shows the number of new truck sales in Canada over the year 2019 . The number of units sold begin at around 87500 in January before quickly rising to 140000 in March . From March to September , the number of monthly sales fluctuates between 130000 and 150000 .
The graph illustrates the total number of vehicles from the United States entering Canada . Data for every month of 2016 is shown . The numbers vary for each month .
The graph indicates the number of cubic meters of soft wood production in Canada for 2018 . Production is highest in spring time and drops to its lowest in December .
As it 's possible to see in the shown graph , the total livestock and animal products reported the highest values during the first half of the year . In particular , the maximum value was recorded during June 2017 . After that , it rapidly decreased from June until September .
The graph is showing the trend about production of chickens , turkeys , chicks and poults in Canada during 2016 . The values are illustrated using the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . The values have been fluactuating over the year , with several dips and peaks .
Malt production incredibly decrease from July 2018 to August 2018 .
In June 2018 laptop price has hugely decrease .
The line chart shows the number of total international travellers entering Canada in 2021 . In general , the number of international travellers increases from around 1000000 to 3000000 persons from January to December . .
The number of total Canadian vehicles returning to the country begins at a prominent high level , followed by a dramatical drop to reach the lowest point in April , which reduces to a fifth of the beginning point . Then the number remains stable with a slight increase to December .
The graph illustrates the supply of skim milk powder in Canada in 2019 . The supply maintains at the same level in the first three months . It then boosts to its peak of the year in April .
Canola oil production fluctuate significantly over short periods of time .
The chart shows total number of Canadian vehicles returning to the country in each month in 2021 . The data range from 500000 to 850000 . In general the trend is upwards with most significant increase from February to March and from October to December .
A figure indicating canola production in Canada each month in 2018 . There do not seem to be any seasonal trends in the production . The maximum production occurred in October , at over 1400000 tonnes ; and production fell below 600000 tonnes in February , August and September .
This line graph illustrates the total number of Canadian vehicles that returned to the country in 2018 . The x-axis shows the different months of the year , whereas the y-axis shows the number of vehicles . There is a rise in the first months of the year , reaching a high in August ( 2300000 ) .
The given graph shows the monthly development of the production of fresh vegetables in Farm product price index in 2016 in Canada . After starting out at 1402 in January it immediately starts falling to 1360 in May , rising again to 1375 in June and then falling to 1343 in August . After staying pretty flat until October it starts skyrocketing to its highest point of 1410 in December .
The graph describes the production of chickens , turkeys , chicks and poults in Canada during 2018 . The production value is described using the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . As it can be seen from the graph , the production rapidly increased from January until August .
The graph shows the total farm production index in Canada for the year 2016 . The graph reaches its highest point in June and then steadily drops each month until reaching its lowest point in October . Thereafter , it slowly recovers until December .
The graph shows the production of skim milk powder in tonnes in Canada during 2019 . The highest value recorded is about 10800 tonnes in January . The production shows an overall decline with a few surges from January to August .
The production of fresh potatoes in Canada 2017 shows the highest values during the summer months . In particular , the production reports its maximum value during the month of August . It remain quite steady during the other months of the year .
The chart shows the number of total united states vehicles entering Canada during 2020 . This graph offers an overall downward trend , especially from February to April , with the value shrinking to 1/6 of the previous because of COVID-19 . The number increased steadily from April to June and maintained the same level from June to December .
chart with line about canada .
This line chart depicts the total hardwood production in cubic metres of Canada in 2016 . Production starts at approximately 1370 cubic metres during January , after which a moderate increase can be observed until reaching about 1580 in March . Production remains steady at 1450 during April and May , after which the maximum production is achieved in June with 1600 cubic metres .
The graph shows the number of Canadian vehicles returning in 2016 . The graph follows an uphill climb from January until August , except for dips in the months of Feburary and June . After August , the graph has a falling trend to the end of the year .
This graph depicts the total softwood production in cubic metres of Canada in 2016 . Production starts at approximately 53000 cubic metres in January and increases to one of its maximum values of 57000 cubic metres in March . The following months show first a slow decrease , but then a sharp decrease in July .
The following line chart is about the production of malt in Canada 2018 . The values are reported using tonnes as unit of measure . It clearly possible to see several peaks and dips of production over the year .
The line chart shows the number of non-resident travellers entering Canada in each month of 2019 . The number of travellers peaked in the summer , with around 4.7 million travellers entering in July . Although the winter months conversely exhibited the least number of travellers , there was a slight increase in December where around 2.2 million non-resident travellers entered Canada .
General uptrend in the year . Increased sharply from Jan to July then stayed relatively flat from July to Dec .
A chart showing the number of vehicles from the United States entering Canada sorted by month and showing the significant peak in the summer months .
A line chart about the global growth and punctual drops of the monthly egg production in Canada , 2017 .
This is a line graph showing the 2017 house price index in Canada . There is a stable increase from the graph 's bottom at under 1000 in January , and peaking at over 1030 in December .
Hardwood production is drastically higher in February than any other month , with the exception of March , having almost 1.5 times more production than any other month . Production is lowest in the months of April , May , June , July , and November .
This graph shows the average retail price for regular gasoline at self-service stations in Canada during 2021 . The price remains stably increasing throughout the year , peaking during the month October . The highest average price is 146 cents/litre while the lowest average price is 111 cents/litre .
The number of cars returning to the country peaked in January and February at approximately 1.5 million before a sharp decline through March to a rate of only 400000 - 600000 for the remaining months of 2020 .
The line chart describes the Servers price index trend in Canada during 2017 . It considerably oscillated over the year , with several peaks and dips . The highest values have been recorded during January and June .
The line chart depicts the total softwood production in Canada in 2021 . The production alternates a lot throughout the year . It generally increases from January to March , reaching its peak at 5500 thousand cubic metres .
Egg prices increase throughout the year with low values in January , February and March of $ 3.40- $ 3.50/dozen . Prices rise steadily to $ 3.70/dozen in September before a slight dip during the remaining months of the year .
The grapg shows the production of rye in canada in the year of 2016 . While production is very low during the winter months , more is produced during the summer months . In September , the annual maximum of almost 25000 tonnes is reached .
The graph shows the average retail price ( Dollars/dozen ) for eggs in Canada during 2019 . In general , there is a steady upward trend of the price from January to October , and levels off from October to December , at about 3.37 . There is some oscillation From January to April , and the lowest price is recorded in January .
The graph shows the trend of the total number of Canadian vehicles returning to Canada during the year 2017 . The number drops between january and february and shows the minimum value in february . From february on it increases and shows the maximum value in august .
The following graph is about the imports of creamery butter ( in tonnes ) in Canada during 2016 . It 's possible to see how the values are generally increasing over the year , with a substan raise from August until October , where the values basically tripled . The maximum value recorded over the year is during November 2016 , where the recorded production has been over 3000 tonnes .
This chart shows new passenger car sales in Canada in the Year 2019 . With the x-axis in thousands of dollars we see a steep increase from the starting months peaking in May then a corresponding gradual decline all the way to the end of the year .
Production of creamery butter in Canada has been rapidly decreasing over from January until August 2016 . Even that , couple of peaks have been recorded during that period , in particular April and July . During the last few months of year , the production started to considerably grow again .
The line chart reports the values about the total farm production price index ( FPPI ) in Canada during 2017 . During the first half of the hear the index shown an ascendant trend , reaching its maximum value during the months of June and July . After that , it rapidly dropped from over 1360 to less than 1290 in the month of Setpember .
The graphs shows the total softwood and hardwood production in Canada in the year 2017 . As can be seen in the graph , the production changes very much over the year . Initially , the value falls to February before rising in March and reaching a maximum of over 60000 cubic meters .
This graph shows the average retail price ( Dollars/kilogram ) for pork chops in Canada during 2020 . The maximum average price occured in June , at about 12.6 . In general , the prices were higher during the spring and summer months .
Hardwood production fluctuated throughout the year with an initial increase before a drastic fall in production during July . Production levels returned to average in August through December . Maximum production occurred in March , followed by February and April .
The chart shows the variation of tablet computers prices in Canada during the year 2017 . Except for some punctual oscillations , the overall trend is of price reduction throughout the period considered .
This shows the price index of servers in 2017. it stayed relatively stable from the start of year into the third quarter before experiencing a decrease in the last quarter . There was also a dip in April . The price is an index that does not reflect absolute pricing .
This graph shows the production of chickens , turkeys , chicks , and poults , measured by the farm product price index . The recorded data is from Canada , 2016 . The graph 's line reaches its high in October , with an index of 1243 .
A graph plotting the average retail price per kilogram of sirloin steak in Canada for every month in 2019 . The price increases from January to March before dropping by May only to peak in June before dropping to a new low in July and remaining at a similar price level for the rest of the year .
The graph indicates the entering vehicles from the united states in canada in the year of 2018 . It is noticeable that the number is rising sharply by the middle of the year , reaching a maximum of 1200000 in August . Then the value is strong again until the end of the year .
The land price index in Canada during 2016 has been showing a slight but constant ascendant trend . In particular , from January to April the index value remained exactly the same . But then , after that , it started to grow up with few fluctuations in between .
This line chart reflects the Total United States vehicles entering Canada during 2021 . From January until July a steady increase of up to approximately 187000 can be observed . There is a rapid increase in the number of vehicles entering Canada from the United States between July and August , reaching its highest number , and then followed by a steady decrease .
Chart showing the average retail price for orange juice in Canada in the year 2021 . This chart shows a lot of variability with large spikes over the different months , especially in the summer months . However there is a general trend over the year in increasing prices for dollars per litre of orange juice .
This graph represents the Canadian supply of creamery butter ( in tonnes ) during 2016 . The lowest value can be observed in January with 21000 tonnes . Supply increases during February , remains almost unchanged throughout March and sharply increases during the following months until it reaches its peak in July with 29000 tonnes .
The graph depicts the fluctuation of softwood and hard wood production from January to November in 2017 . Production then sharply declined from November to December , reaching its lowest point .
The graph is showing the production 's trend of total hardwood in Canada during 2017 . The values are in cubic metres . It 's clearly possible to see how the values are strongly fluctuating over the year .
The line chart provides an overview of the production of creamery butter in Canada in 2019 . The production generally drops from January to August except for a gentle rise in April and reaches its minimum in August at around 7000 tonnes . It then grows from August to December .
This graph illustrates the monthly average retail price for orange juice in Dollars per litre . Based on the graph , the retail price fluctuated a lot throughout the year , with it being the highest in June and November , and the lowest in July . .
Oats produzed in Canada in the year 2017 .
As it 's possible to see , the following graph is about the production of eggs in shell in Canada during 2018 . The values are reported using the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . The production slightly increase over the first half of the year , so from January until July .
A Line graph , depicting Canada 's total hardwood production in the Year 2019 . With production on the y-axis and date showing month over month trend of said production . The peak is at March , and seems to stay consistent in the spring months , with a steep decline in the summer and a slight pickup from September to October with a yearly low at December .
This is a line graph showing the amount of Canadian residents entering Canada , in the year of 2019 . This graph has two spikes . One in the month of March and another in the month of August .
The graph shows the production of canola in tonnes in Canada during 2020 . There are several peaks and dips throughout the year . The maximum value of production has been recorded for September , and the minimum value has been recorded for August .
The production of rye in Canada measured in tonnes , for each month of the year 2020 . The production is the highest in August and the lowest in July . .
A Graph showing the production of new motor vehicles by Canada in 2016 . As you can see the production had a big climbing in Q1 2016 . It stayed stable in Q2 and Q3 , while fell down in Q4 .
This line chart depicts the house price index of houses in Canada in 2017 . It is broken down into the months of the year . Values are ranging from 998 to 1033 .
This graph describes the average retail price in Canada for regular gasoline during the year 2020 . In general , it shows that the average price was at its peak during January and rapidly declined over the next three months to below 80 cents/litre in April .
Softwood and hardwood stock totals in Canada during each month of 2016 . The total rose from slightly over 72000 cubic meters in January to over 75000 cubic meters in April . It then experienced a drop to less than 68000 cubic meters from May to July , after which it continued to decline until reaching a minimum level in December of under 66000 cubic meters .
This line chart shows the number of tonnes of creamery butter imported into Canada in 2019 . Imports stayed relatively steady between January and September , fluctuating between just under 1400 tonnes and 1800 tonnes . However , imports rose sharply in October , reaching a peak of over 2400 tonnes , and then declined just as sharply in November .
The graph showes the price index of servers in 2016 . It starts with the maximum value in January and falls massive till to the minimum in March . Afterwards it increases till June while dropping a little bit in May .
The production of fresh fruit in Canada clearly showed an ascendant trend during 2017 . The values have been oscillating up and down several times over the year , even if the trend kept growing up . The production reached its maximum value during the month of December , and its minimum values during the first months of the year .
This chart shows the total Canadian residents entering the country of Canada in the year 2020 . We see a steep decline in the Beginning of the year bottoming out in April , with a an extremely low rate with a very tiny gradual increase from April to the end of the year . One can imagine this was due to covid travel bans .
The following line chart shows the farm product price index ( FPPI ) about the total livestock and animal products in Canada during 2018 . The values are significantly fluctuating over the year , showing several peaks and falls . The highest values of the indexes have been recorded during February , July and October .
The graph demonstrates the total international travelers entering the country in Canada in 2020 and measured in persons as the unit . It begins with a sudden jump ever since the winter has gone from nearly 7e6 to the lowest in April with about 0.5e6 . Then , it follows by some mild fluctuations through the summer and autumn .
The following graph shows information about the laptop computer price index in Canada during 2017 . The overall trend is descending . It 's clearly possible to see several fluctuations over the year , mainly during the summer months .
A line chart displaying Canadian vehicles returning to Canada each month in 2018 . It indicates that travel was lowest during the winter months , reaching a minimum in February , and highest in the summer months , peaking in August ( but with a slight dip in June ) . The median number of returning vehicles is between 1900000 and 2000000 .
This line chart reflects the New passenger cars sales in Canada during 2020 . The values are reported using Thousands of dollars as a unit of measure . It is clear to see several peaks and dips of Turnover over the year .
The new truck sales chart illustrate the amount of sales in Canada which were sold in every month in 2019 . X-axis unit are measured in month , and y-axis is measured in thousand dollars . The overall trend of sales increases from Jan to May and decreases from May to Dec. .
This figure represents the production of Canola in Canada during 2016 . The unit given is tonnes . In January production lies at approximately 780000 tonnes .
This graph shows the average retail price for cigarettes in Canada during 2021 , each month . The graph shows a general upward trend . The lowest point on the graph is in Jan , while the highest is in Sep. A steep increase is observed from Mar to May , and an increasing trend continues till Jul .
