Chart showing the average retail price for orange juice in Canada in the year 2021 . This chart shows a lot of variability with large spikes over the different months , especially in the summer months . However there is a general trend over the year in increasing prices for dollars per litre of orange juice .
Hardwood production is drastically higher in February than any other month , with the exception of March , having almost 1.5 times more production than any other month . Production is lowest in the months of April , May , June , July , and November .
A graph showing the FPPPI for the production of poultry in Canada over the course of the year 2018 . The FPPI has risen steadily until August and then dropped slowly .
The number of total vehicles entering Canada in 2016 is depicted in this graph . During January approximately 2100000 vehicles enter . These numbers slightly decrease to 2000000 in February , the lowest value of the year .
The amount of import creamery butter in Canada during 2018 presented strong variations in its values over the year . It 's possible to identify several peaks , dips and curves . During June and July has been recorded a massive drop of the import value .
The production of canola in tonnes in Canada during 2016 is shown in this line chart . Production sharply increases from January until March . During the following months production fluctuates in an overall decreasing manner until it reaches its minimum in August .
The shown data are about the total farm production index in Canada during 2016 . The maximum value was recorded during the month of June . After that , a big drop has been registered between June and September .
We can see the line chart shows the production of creamery butter in Canada in 2020 . The production oscillates within the whole year . It drops dramatically from January to February and then rises till April .
The chart is showing the values about the production of fresh vegetables in Canada during 2016 . The values are illustrated using the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . As can be seen from the graph , from January to May the values have been rapidly decreasing .
The following graph shows the average retail price for pork chops in Canada during the year 2019 . Overall , it illustrates a trend of unpredictable large oscillation throughout the year . Starts with the highest in January and reaches its lowest in November .
This connected line graph provides an overview of the amount of creamery butter produced in Canada in the year 2019 . Production for the product peaked in Jan 2020 and the lowest production month was Aug . There is a steep dip in the graph as summer approaches , but production picks up again from September .
The commercial software price index in Canada decreased over 2016 . It 's clearly possible to see how it rapidly drop from January to April . After that , the price index values have been fluctuating for most of the year .
The chart shows the total number of Canadian residents entering the country in each month in 2021 . The data range from around 0.3  10^6 to 1.6  10^6 . In general the trend was upwards with most significant increase from October to December .
The above graph describes the average retails prices for ketchup in Canada in 2020 . The price was rising from January to April , before a big drop in May . Then , it is constantly rising to November and remains stable in December .
This is a line graph showing the supply of creamery butter , in tonnes , in Canada in the year 2019 . This line graph shows steady increase from January to April , a steady peak in the months of April to June , and a steady decline from July onwards .
This graph shows the total non-resident travelers entering Canada during the year 2021 , each month . The graph was mostly stable from Jan to Apr , after which there is a general upward trend . Although , there was a declining trend from Aug to Nov .
This graph represents the Canadian supply of creamery butter ( in tonnes ) during 2016 . The lowest value can be observed in January with 21000 tonnes . Supply increases during February , remains almost unchanged throughout March and sharply increases during the following months until it reaches its peak in July with 29000 tonnes .
The figure shows a line chart about the production of what flour ( in tonnes ) in Canada during 2017 . The values have been mainly fluctuating during the year , without any significant trend or patterns . Even that , if it has been recorded a significant growth from November to December , where the production of wheat flour during 2017 reached its peak .
In this graph , the production of rye in Canada is illustrated . The x-axis shows the months of the year of 2016 , whereas the y-axis depicts the production in tonnes . Values in August and September stand out , reaching almost 25000 in September .
It 's clearly possible to see how the price index of desktop and similar computers in Canada has been significantly decreasing over 2017 . Few fluctuations of the value have been recorded , but without any significant peaks or dips . The highest value was in January .
The production of creamery butter in Canada reported a not homogeneous trend over 2018 . The maximum value was recorded during January . After that , several oscillations have been recorded over the year .
The graph shows the house and land price index in canada in the year of 2018 . It is striking that the value only changes twice a year . It falls from January to February , and from May to July it rises back to the original amount of 1033 .
The commercial software price index in Canada slipped down during the 2017 . The highest value has been recorded during March . Then , it significantly dropped between May and September .
The chart illustrates the trend of the import weight of skim milk powder in Canada during 2019 . In February , the weight reached the highest point , while it reached the lowest point in December . From March to July , it remained stable .
The production of creamery butter has been relatively unstable during 2020 . It initially started at more than 12000 tones but dropped 16 % to 10000 tones in February . It then recovered in April only for it to decrease even more to less than 9000 tones until November , where it suddenly increased to 11000 tones .
The graph shows the trend about desktop and similar computer price index in Canada over 2016 . After a significantly steep rise from January to February , the values started to slightly decline . They have been decreasing from February til September .
The provided graph displays the number of Canadian vehicles returning to Canada over the year 2016 divided by month . It starts out at around 150000 vehicles in January , falls to 135000 in February and rises continuously to over 220000 in August . The following month show a steady decrease to its second lowest point of just under 160000 in December .
It 's clearly possible to see how the production of fresh potatoes in Canada during 2017 maintained the same level for almost the whole year , but the summer months . During the summer months have been registered the highest values , in particular during August which was the highest peak of production . After that , the values dropped down form August to October .
A line chart about international imports in all services in Canada in 2020 . The imports drop slightly from 15000 million dollars to 14000 million dollars from January to March . Then the imports fall dramatically to 10000 million dollars in April , then maintain the same level for the rest of the year .
The production of rye in Canada during 2018 is represented in the following graph . The unit given is tonnes . Production remains mainly stable throughout January to March at approximately 13000 tonnes .
The accompanying graph shows the yearly developement of wheat flower production in tonnes in 2018 . The starting point in January is around 30000 tons , with an increase to peak production in April with over 43000 tons and a following decline to just under 35000 tons . After a slight increase the production plummited to just over 20000 tons in September and fell to its lowest point of around 17000 tons in December .
This line chart shows the number of vehicles entering Canada in 2020 . In January and February , there are about 2.2 million vehicles entering monthly . There is a plunge in the number of vehicles entering Canada in March and April .
The production of canola in Canada in 2019 is depicted in the line chart . The production maintains at the same level from January to September . It jumps dramatically to over 2600000 tonnes in October , reaching its maximum value .
International imports in all services in Canada considerably increased in 2021 . The growth began in May at less than 10500 million dollars and was above 12000 million dollars in December .
The average retail price for ketchup in Canada grew in 2021 . There was a steady climb from August to the end of the year . It fluctuated and decreased before August , however .
The graph depicts the FPPI in Canada during 2018 . The highest was during August , where it was above 1220 , whereas the lowest was in December , where it almost reached 1120 . From January to July , the values fluctuate between 1140 and 1180 , and after August , the values decrease until December .
Oats produzed in Canada in the year 2017 .
The graph shows the production of fresh fruits in Canada over the year of 2016 . In the first half of the year the production was nearly constant , until it fall dramatically in the mounth of August . Afterwards the fresh fruit production rises again over the index of 1100 .
The grapg shows the production of rye in canada in the year of 2016 . While production is very low during the winter months , more is produced during the summer months . In September , the annual maximum of almost 25000 tonnes is reached .
This graph represents the total non-resident travellers entering Canada in 2019 . The graph starts out in January , where the number of Persons is 1.5e6 . It reaches a peak of 4.5e6 in July .
This line chart shows the number of international travellers entering Canada in 2020 . In both January and February , there are around 6.5 million international travellers entering the country monthly . We can observe a plunge in March and April .
A line chart about skim milk powder supply in Canada in 2021 . The supply remains stable between January and March , then increases dramatically in April . Then , the supply decreases slightly in May and remains steady until July .
The line chart depicts the total softwood production in Canada in 2021 . The production alternates a lot throughout the year . It generally increases from January to March , reaching its peak at 5500 thousand cubic metres .
It shows the price index trend about tablet computers in Canada during 2018 . It 's possible to see how it considerably declined over the year . Over the year the values ahs been oscillating several times , in particular during the summer months .
The graph shows the production of softwood in Canada over the year of 2017 . The data is presented in cubic meters . According to the graph the production of softwood is the highest in March and the lowest in December .
The graph shows the value of shipments of silver measured in dollars in Canada for each month of the year 2020 . The month July has the lowest value of shipments of silver , whereas September has the highest . .
The line graph depicts the price index of tablet computers in Canada for every month of 2018 . The overall trend for this year is a decrease . January recorded a high of 820 , whereas November had a low of 755 .
This graph illustrates the monthly average retail price for orange juice in Dollars per litre . Based on the graph , the retail price fluctuated a lot throughout the year , with it being the highest in June and November , and the lowest in July . .
The production of Rye in Canada in 2021 is measured in Tonnes as shown in the line chart . The production stays mostly constant throughout the year except for a rapid climb from July to August and a rapid drop from August to October .
This figure shows the Canadian production of wheat flour of 2016 . Production is measured in tonnes . Production is the lowest during the month of January at approximately 19500 .
This graph represents the price index of laptop computers in Canada . The price is the highest during the month of January at 966 . From February until May the price starts fluctuating between roughly 959 to 963 .
Line chart showing the evolution of the Farm product price index in Canada in 2016 .
Production of new motor vehicles in Canada 2017 . The graphic shows the production of new motor vehicles ( $ ) in Canada over the year 2017. iT is noticeable that in the spring and summer months significantly more money is spent on the production of new vehicel as in the winter .
This chart reveals trends in the production of rye in Canada for the year 2021 . The y axis ranges from 0 tonnes to 50000 tonnes . Looking at how much rye was produced over the course of a year , we see that the lowest production occurred in May while the highest occurred in August .
This line graph displays total softwood production in cubic metres in Canada for 2016 . The amount fluctuates with an increase from January to March , followed by a slow decrease from March to June . A steep reduction follows in July , matched by an equally steep increase in August .
Production of rye in Canada during 2018 got a considerable peak during August . During most of the year the values have been fluctuating up and down , with several peaks and dips . Even that , the minimum value over 2018 has been recorded in December .
This graph depicts the total softwood production in Canada in 2016 in cubic meters . The values range from roughly 57000 in March to 46000 in December . January to March there is an increase in production , March to July production decreased and reached 50000 in July .
chart with lines .
Graphic of the market prices trend of Computers in Canada 2016 . This graphic shows the trend of the computers prices in 2016 for the canadian market . It immediatly affect you how the prices raise from january to february and then slowly decrease until July .
This graph shows the number of vehicles entering the United States in 2016 . The number of cars entering is about 700000 at the start and end of the year . It increases towards summer .
The graph shows the international exports in all services in Canada in 2019 . The exports start from below 11500 million dollars and generally increase till September except for two slight shrinks in May and August . After September , the international exports decline till November and raise back in Decemeber .
This graph illustrates the production of fresh potatoes in Canada in 2016 . Production mainly starts in March , with a slow increase throughout until June . Production sharply increases from June onwards , reaching a maximum of nearly 1700 during August .
This figure represents the production of Canola in Canada during 2016 . The unit given is tonnes . In January production lies at approximately 780000 tonnes .
The graph highlights the production of fresh vegetables over the course of a year . It follow a `` U '' shape with a local increase in the month of June .
This line chart shows the average retail price for apples in Canada in the unit of Dollars per Kilogram for the year 2021 . The price is steadily increasing from January to June , and then it starts to increase steeply until August when the price is the highest of the year . It then dropped dramatically and reaches the lowest point in November , and becomes better in December .
The average retail price for orange juice in Canada for the year 2021 is shown in the line chart . The price fluctuates through the year . It experiences several times ' rises and drops , reaching its minimum in July at below 4.3 dollars/litre .
Total softwood production in cubic meters in Canada in 2018 is shown in the graph . Production in January starts at roughly 5650 m3 , and it shrinks the next month . In March , this value goes back up and remains steady until May .
Peaked in the middle of July . Looks like a normal distribution . Increase sharply from Feb to Jul , then dropped sharply from Aug to Nov .
It 's clearly possible to see how the house and land price index in Canada has been slowly but constantly increasing over 2016 . It presented few fluactuations , but none of them are significant .
The graph shows the production of skim milk powder in tonnes in Canada during 2019 . The highest value recorded is about 10800 tonnes in January . The production shows an overall decline with a few surges from January to August .
The value of shipments of copper in Canada is fluctuating all the time in 2020 . Overall , it drops for nearly a half in the first month , and oscillated till July . Then , it rises to a bit higher than the value in January till November and December .
The production of canola oil in Canada is displayed in the form of a connected line graph in this chart . The x axis features the months of the year 2021 and the y axis features tonnes from 0 through 3 . The month with the lowest production for the whole year was August , but ironically , the best month was September .
The line chart depicts the production of wheat flour in Canada for the year 2021 . The production alternates a lot throughout the year . Starting from January , it slides to the minimum value in February and climbs immediately in March .
Production of poultry including chickens , turkeys , chicks and poults reaches its maximum during the month of May with a number of 1215 in Canada . The biggest increase in production of poultry can be observed from February until May , while a drop from May to July takes place . From August until November the production remains quite stable at approximately 1205 and starts decreasing until it reaches its minimum in February below 1190 .
The graph shows the livestock and animal products value in Canada during 2018 . The values are described using the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . The products index shown several fluctuations .
This line graph displays the production of fresh potatoes in Canada for 2018 using the farm product price index . A slow but steady increase is observed from January to June , where a steep increase is seen from June to August . A steep decrease follows from August to October , where the value again rises steadily from October to December .
The graph illustrates the production of oats in Canada for the year 2018 . There are sharp decreases in production for the months of February , July and November .
Cars entering Canada in one year .
Land Price Index in Canada in the year of 2018 . The graphic shows the course of the Land Price Index in Canada over the year 2018 . It is noticeable that the index initially remains constant for the beginning of the year and then rises sharply towards the end of the year .
The graph shows the amount of international exports in all services in Canada in millions of dollars for 12 consecutive months of the year 2019 . Since the beginning of the year , the exports increase continually , dipping in May and peaking in September , after which they fall dramatically and rebound in December .
This line graph shows the amount of sales , in thousands of dollars , of passenger cars in Canada in the year 2019 . There was a drastic spike in sales amount , peaking in the month of May , and then declining until the month of December .
Production of new motor vehicles in Canada during 2017 showed a massive climb from February to March . The production value kept raising up . it reached its maximum value during the month of May .
The chart shows the farm product price index ( FPPI ) about total livestock and animal products in Canada during 2016 . The index has been quite steady during the first few months of the year , with a maximum value in March , but then it rapidly decreased from June over , reaching the minimum value during October which was around 1270 . The index started to slowly grow again during the months of November and December .
The production of fresh vegetables in Canada increased constantly in 2018 ( from 1410 to 1450 FPPI ) , with the exception of the October-December period when it decreased to 1440 .
A line graph about the average retail price for regular gasoline at self-service stations . The price gradually rises from the beginning of the year to May . Then we see a drop of cost in June and a rise again in July .
The chart shows the trend of the average retail price for eggs in Canada during 2019 . This graph offers an overall upward trend , especially from March to October , with the value 0.26 dollars more than the previous . The average retail price only decreased from February to March , and from October to November .
The total softwood and hardwood production in Canada showed an oscillating trend over 2017 . In particular , couple of peaks have been registered , mainly during the months of March and May . At the same time , the production value showed its minimum values during the months of July and December .
The line chart shows the number of non-resident travellers entering Canada in each month of 2019 . The number of travellers peaked in the summer , with around 4.7 million travellers entering in July . Although the winter months conversely exhibited the least number of travellers , there was a slight increase in December where around 2.2 million non-resident travellers entered Canada .
This line chart reflects the New passenger cars sales in Canada during 2020 . The values are reported using Thousands of dollars as a unit of measure . It is clear to see several peaks and dips of Turnover over the year .
A line chart about the price index of Desktop and similar computer in Canada in the year 2018 . Values are analyzed in the different months of the year . With index values ranging from less than 954 to 962 .
This graph shows the production of chickens , turkeys , chicks , and poults , measured by the farm product price index . The recorded data is from Canada , 2016 . The graph 's line reaches its high in October , with an index of 1243 .
The line chart is describing the values about production of grains in Canada during 2018 . The production amout is described using the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . The minimum recorded value is during February .
The graph shows the units of new trucks sales in Canada for each month in 2020 . The sales reach a peak in Feburary at about 100000 units , and then decrease to a minimum point of 40000 in April , then continuously increasing from May to September . The sales reaches the maximum at September at 140000 , and then decrease again until December .
This graph is showing the solar electricity generated in Canada for each month of the year 2019 . The unit of solar electricity generated is in megawatt-hours , and the month July generated the most solar electricity . .
This chart represents the production of unprocessed milk of Canada in 2016 . Whereas the production oscillates from January until June ranging from 1045 until 1065 a minimum value of below 1020 is observed during July . The following three months a sharp increase is taking place and reaching a value of approximately 1110 .
A line graph showing the total non-resident travelers entering Canada in the year 2021 . Between the months of January and June , the number people remains steady . July marks the beginning of a dramatic surge in the non-resident travelers entering Canada , which accelerates in August before calming down in September .
A graph plotting the average retail price of a dozen eggs in Canada in 2021 by month . There is a general upward trend here . With a low in February around 3.60 and a high in August at around 3.90 before declining slightly to 3.82 by the end of the year .
Graph that describes the production of unprocessed milk in Canada in 2017 . The production in October and February is the highest , while there is a significant drop the following two months of each . The production slightly rises in May but it then plunges until July , where the lowest value can be seen .
The graph shows the production of wood in 2016 . It stayed at within above 54000 and about 58000 cubic meters except for two dips in July with 51000 cubic meters and December with below 48000 cubic meters .
A graph plotting the average retail price per kilogram of sirloin steak in Canada for every month in 2019 . The price increases from January to March before dropping by May only to peak in June before dropping to a new low in July and remaining at a similar price level for the rest of the year .
The chart shows the average retail price for sirloin steak in Canada throughout the year 2021 . Overall , the chart shows a gradual increase in price , starting at around $ 22.7/kg in January and ending at around $ 26.0/kg in December . There are small fluctuations throughout the year , and the price achieves a minimum of around $ 22.5/kg in February and a maximum of around $ 26.5/kg in October .
Hardwood production fluctuated throughout the year with an initial increase before a drastic fall in production during July . Production levels returned to average in August through December . Maximum production occurred in March , followed by February and April .
Chart shows the value of shipment of salt in Canada in the Year 2020 . We have a chart depicting dollar value on a month over month scale . With a lot of volatility int he starting months then a slight plateau in the summer months , approaching the winter months we have a dip but then a rocket highs for the end of the year .
The line chart shows the total number of vehicles entering Canada during 2016 . It 's clearly possible to see how during the summer months the amount of car entering Canada is way higher than the rest of the year , reaching the maximum value during the month of August with around 3400000 cars .
This figure represents the Canadian price index of desktop and similar computers during 2018 . Maximum production is reached in the months of January and February at 962 . From then on production oscillates in a decreasing manner , plateauing at 959 during April and May and at 956 during June and July .
A line chart about the Production of Malt in tonnes in Canada in the year 2016 . Values are analyzed in the different months of the year . With index values ranging from less than 45000 to more than 60000 .
chart with line about canada .
The graph shows total hardwood production ( thousand cubic metres ) in Canada in 2020 , each month . The graph peaks in February , while it is at its lowest in November . There was a sharp decline in hardwood production between February and April , while there was a sharp increase from January to February .
This depicts the supply of creamery butter in Canada in the year 2019 . Plotting Tonnes of butter , month over month . We See a consistent increase at the start of the year peaking in the summer months , reaching highs specifically in June .
A line chart about the import of creamery butter in Canada in the year 2020 . The import of creamery butter showed huge decline during late Spring and early Summer of 2020 . However we observed a massive surge of creamery butter import come December , reaching over 2000 tonnes of butter imported .
The total livestock and animal products in Canada has been quite steady during the first few months of the 2016 . After that , it rapidly declined from June until October . During last three months of the year it started to slightly increase again .
Chart depicts the production of Canola in Canada in the year 2021 , showing tonnes on a month over month basis . We see a gradual decline from January all the way to August , until September comes where a massive spike and the yearly high is made the a steep decline to October with again a gradual decline to the end of the year .
In the following graph is described the monthly supply of creamery butter in tonnes about Canada during 2016 . The minimum value has been registered during the month of January and maximum during July . Furthermore , it 's possible to see how the supply of creamery butter is generally higher during spring and summer .
The production of grains in Canada during 2018 reported several fluctations . Even that , it shows a significant peak during the month of August . The minimum value has been registered during the month of February .
A graph showing the amount of skim milk powder imported in Canada in the year 2019 by every month , weighed in tonnes . Starting at less than 150 tonnes , the amount soars to 400 by February and plummets again before staying constant until July , diving in August , increasing again by September only to plunge by November and reach a new low by December .
The diagram showes the Production of new motor vehicles in Dollar over the year 2016 in Canada . In januarry less than 4500000 vehicles were produced ( lowest ) . Till April the production increase steadyly and reach the highest value .
The graph illustrates the average retail price for sirloin steak in Canada in 2021 . In general , the price rises from around 22.75 dollars/kilogram and reaches its peak at 26.5 dollars/kilogram in October . It then slightly drops in the rest of the year .
Poultry production cost for each month in Canada in 2018 . The cost index , at its lowest near the beginning of the year , steadily rose from less than 1180 in March to over 1260 August , then settled in September at roughly 1240 .
The graph shows the monthly average retail price for ketchup in dollars/litre in Canada during 2021 . The price oscilates from January to August with prices ranging between 3.9 and 3.55 . The price increases from August to December going from 3.55 to 4.4 .
The graph shows the average retail price , in dollars per litre , for Ketchup in Canada during 2019 each month . The graph shows prices fluctuating erratically throughout the year . The maximum price for ketchup was recorded in Feb .
General uptrend in the year . Increased sharply from Jan to July then stayed relatively flat from July to Dec .
The graph shows the production of wheat flour in tonnes in Canada in 2017 . The lowest production is in Jannuary . From February till July the graph oscillate .
It shows the number of total vehicles entering Canada during 2017 . It 's clearly possible to see how this value rapidly increase from January until the end of the summer , reaching its maximum value in August . After that , the number of vehicles entering Canada decrease during the last few months of the year .
The provided graph depicts the changes in the production of unprocessed milk in Canada in 2016 . The first value sits at 1045 in January , giving way to a slight increase to 1068 that is followed by a decline back to 1046 in April . A short rise follows in may but its crashing to 1010 in July .
The total number of United States vehicles returning presents a steep growth over the first half of the year . In particular , it starts to grow during the month of February until reaching its peak during July 2017 . After that , it slightly start to decrease over the last few months of the year .
This line chart shows the number of total vehicles entering Canada per month in 2020 . Numbers are shown in millions of vehicles . Although over 2 million vehicles entered Canada in January and February 2020 , there was a precipitous decrease between February and April .
This chart illustrates the land price index of Canada in 2016 . A minimum of 982 can be observed throughout the months of January until April . A slow , but constant increase takes place from April until August , reaching a value of almost 987 .
This graph depicts the production of oats in tonnes in Canada during 2017 . Production shows peaks in January and March , whereas it significantly drops after March , reaching its minimum of approximately 65000 in May . For the following months production slightly increases until August .
A line chart about the price index concerning the commercial software in Canada , 2016 . The index dropped from 1218 to stabilizes around 1185 by the month of April .
The production of fresh fruit in Canada during 2017 has been increasing over the year . Even that , several fluctuations have been recorded , in particular during the first months of the year . The maximum values have been recorded during November and December .
The average retail price of apples in Canada for the year 2020 , depicting Dollars per Kilo on a month over month basis . We see a bit of a fluctuation in the starting months with the bottom in April , Then a steep increase in the summer months with the yearly high in August . Then shows a gradual decline in the winter months with a small bump up in December to cap off the year .
This line chart shows the monthly value of lime shipments into Canada in tens of millions of dollars for the period from January 2020 to December 2020 . This value fluctuated throughout the year , following a pattern of gradual increases over several months and then a sharp decline . These declines happened between July and August and again between November and December .
2017 : Production of chickens , turkeys , chicks , poults in Canada , with a peak in may and the lowest production in february .
The graph depicts the production of oats in Canada in 2019 . The production generally falls from January to July . It then climbs rapidly to the peak at over 400000 tonnes in October .
The provided graph displays the number of Canadian vehicles returning to Canada over the year 2016 divided by month . It starts out at around 1500000 vehicles in January , falls to 1350000 in February and rises continuously to over 2200000 in August . The following month show a steady decrease to its second lowest point of just under 1600000 in December .
The average retail price for orange juice in Canada is very unstable throughout 2020 . It starts from around 4.35 dollars/litre in January and keeps increasing to almost 4.40 dollars/litre . It reaches the second-lowest point of lower than 4.25 dollars/litre in March and increases drastically to the peak of more than 4.40 dollars/litre in May .
The production of oats in Canada oscillates in 2020 . The pattern is in an 'M ' shape , with two peaks in April and September . The production remains steady for the rest of the months .
The following line chart is about the house and land price index in Canada during 2016 . From the graph it 's clearly possible to see how the index values have been steadily growing during 2016 . Few light fluctuations have been reported during the summer months .
Total Canadian livestock and animal products in 2018 are shown in this graph . The unit given is the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . During January products lie at 1385 and the second highes value of the year can be observed in February at approximately 1395 .
This graph represents the production of new motor vehicles in Canada during 2016 . Production starts very low in January and undergoes a sharp increase until it reaches its peak of over 200000 motor vehicles in April . The following months production decreases , being almost steady at 175000 from July until September .
This figure represents the Canadian production of rye during 2017 . The given unit are tonnes . Production remains mostly stable throughout the months of January until May , around 6000 to 8000 tonnes .
This graph represents the production of wheat flour in Canada in 2017 ( in tonnes ) . The lowest production is during January . There is a sharp increase during February and during the following months production levels off between 29000 and 32500 .
A line chart of the number of travellers entering Canada . It starts out high then plummets , and maintains the low level .
The following line chart is about the Supply of skim milk powder in Canada during 2021 . The values are reported using Tonnes as the unit of measure . It is clearly possible to see there is a peak in April and two dips during August and November .
The production of oats in Canada 2020 fluctuates throughout the year with a plunge in May and a soar during the fall season .
This graph illustrates the production of oats , measured in tonnes , in Canada for each month in 2019 . From January to February , and from June to July , there was a considerate drop in oat production of nearly 150000 tonnes . However , there was a surge in the number of oats produced over the months of July to September , followed by a steep decline in November .
The following graph is about the imports of creamery butter ( in tonnes ) in Canada during 2016 . It 's possible to see how the values are generally increasing over the year , with a substan raise from August until October , where the values basically tripled . The maximum value recorded over the year is during November 2016 , where the recorded production has been over 3000 tonnes .
The graph indicates the number of cubic meters of soft wood production in Canada for 2018 . Production is highest in spring time and drops to its lowest in December .
The average retail price for regular gasoline at a self-service kiosk has recognized a sharp decline from Jan to Apr , and then it soars back up to 105 cents/liter in July , then , it starts to fluctuate around 100~105 .
The grapg shows the price index of tablet computers in Canada in the year 2018 . It is noticeable that the price decreases almost continuously during the first third of the year . Afterwards , the price for the summer months remains constant , before falling massive in November .
This graph shows the average retail price for regular gasoline at self-service stations in Canada during 2021 . The price remains stably increasing throughout the year , peaking during the month October . The highest average price is 146 cents/litre while the lowest average price is 111 cents/litre .
A line chart showing the total number of vehicles entering Canada for each month in 2019 . The number of vehicles entering Canada starts at around 2 million in January and increases to just below 3.6 million in August . In the next month , the value plummets to 2.8 million and continues to decrease through to the end of the year .
The graph shows the average retail price for orange juice in Canada in 2019 . The price slips to the minimum value in April and increases to the maximum value in August . The price remains mostly steady for the rest of the months .
The graph depicts an overview of new trucks sales in Canada in 2020 . Starting from around 90000 units , the number increases in the first month and then reduces in the next two months , reaching its minimum at around 40000 units . The sales then dramatically increase till September and undergo a slip till the end of the year .
The dollar per litre average retail price of orange juice in Canada for each month of the year 2021 .
As it 's possible to see in the shown graph , the total livestock and animal products reported the highest values during the first half of the year . In particular , the maximum value was recorded during June 2017 . After that , it rapidly decreased from June until September .
A line chart about the average retail price for ketchup restricted to Canada in 2019 . The price fluctuates month-to-month , but follow a general trend of starting high at the beginning of the year , dropping sharply until the middle of the year , then increasing at a similar rate to the end of the year .
A graph plotting the average retail price for a kilogram of sirloin steak in Canada for every month in the year 2020 . Starting a low below $ 22 , the price soars to nearly $ 27 by June before plunging to $ 22.5 by August and remains stable for the rest of the year .
The number of vehicles entering Canada during 2018 substantially increased over the summer months . In particular , the maximum value was reached during August . The minimum number of vehicles enterin Canada was during February .
The shown line chart provides information about the production of fresh fruit in Canada during 2018 . The values are described using the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . It 's clearly possible to see two significant peaks during the months of March and August .
This graph depicts the production of unprocessed milk in Canada during 2018 . The given unit is the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . The graph represents a parable throughout the year .
From the graph it is clear that desktop and similar computers are cheapest during the months of August , September , and October for the 2016 year . They are the most expensive in February but see a steady decline until the month of September .
The following graph is showing the recorded values about production of fresh potatoes in Canada during 2016 . The values have been reported using the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . As it is shown , the production slightly increase during the first half of the year , but then it rapidly grow during the summer months , reaching its maximum value during the month of August .
The values about production of fresh fruit in Canada during 2018 show a quite interesting trend . The production remained stable for most of the year . But two big peaks of production have been recorded , one in March and one in August .
The production of creamy butter reached its highest point in January of 2018 . Thereafter , production declined in February and then recovered in May . In the months following production steadily decreased until September .
The graph demonstrates the total international travelers entering the country in Canada in 2020 and measured in persons as the unit . It begins with a sudden jump ever since the winter has gone from nearly 7e6 to the lowest in April with about 0.5e6 . Then , it follows by some mild fluctuations through the summer and autumn .
The graph shows the production of rye in tonnes in Canada throughout 2020 . The production remains mostly stable from January to July with production ranging between 10000 and 16666 . The production sharply increases in August and reaches 50000 before rapidly falling throughout September and October back down to 15000 .
The chart shows the variation of softwood production in Canada during the year 2017 . The production reaches its top on March after which we observe an oscillating period until November , when there is a steeply fall .
The following graph depicts the Canadian production of oats in tonnes during 2018 . In January approximately 160000 tonnes were produced , after which a sharp drop can be observed for February , reaching slightly below 100000 . Production remain mostly stable throughout March to May , with the lowest production coming up in July at 80000 .
The chart shows total solar electricity generation in Canada in each month in 2019 . The data range from 100000 megawatt hours to 350000 megawatt hours . The trend first increased from January to July and decreased thereafter with December having a relatively similar amount as January .
A graph showing the value of shipments of copper in Canada for the year of 2020 . The value fluctuates greatly between months , oscillating around a general trend of decreasing for the first half of the year and then increasing for the latter half . The period of oscillation appears to be around 4 months .
A chart showing total international travellers entering Canada by month , in which travellers count drops significantly after April due to the pandemic of COVID19 .
A line chart about the import of skim milk powder in Canada in the year 2021 . The import of skim milk powder was volatile throughout the year 2021 , with hug swings in July , but a large decline come the end of the year , reaching the lows of below 150 tonnes imported .
Plot graph describing how many motor bikes were produced in 2017 in Canada .
The given graph shows the average retail price developement of laptop computers in Canada in the year 2017 split into the different months . In january the price started out at 992 dollars , increased slightly and then plummeted to 976 dollars average in June . A short incline happend in July just for it falling back onto the June price in august .
This line chart represents the Canadian production of new motor vehicles in dollars in 2017 . The year starts with a minimum production value of 4500000 dollars in January and gradually increases until reaching its maximum in May with approximately 8500000 . From May onwards the production starts fluctuating , having a low in July , but also an increased production in September .
The following line chart shows the farm product price index ( FPPI ) about the total livestock and animal products in Canada during 2018 . The values are significantly fluctuating over the year , showing several peaks and falls . The highest values of the indexes have been recorded during February , July and October .
A line chart about the Production of creamery butter per tonnes in Canada in the year 2018 . The minimum value is reached in September and the maximum in January .
The following line chart has shown the production of skim milk powder in Canada during 2019 . The production is measured in tones and starts with a sudden fall ever since January . Until August , we may see some increases halfway through the year but eventually , drop to the lowest in Autumn .
The following graph shows information about the laptop computer price index in Canada during 2017 . The overall trend is descending . It 's clearly possible to see several fluctuations over the year , mainly during the summer months .
The graph showes the total vehicles entering canada in 2017 . The graph decreases in February . From february till August it starts to increase continously and reaches the maximum of over 3400000 .
The production of fresh fruit in Canada clearly showed an ascendant trend during 2017 . The values have been oscillating up and down several times over the year , even if the trend kept growing up . The production reached its maximum value during the month of December , and its minimum values during the first months of the year .
This graph shows the supply of skim milk power in Canada in 2020 , each month , by tonnes . The graph is erratic , but has an overall downward trend . The graph was at its peak in Jan , while it was at its lowest in Nov .
The following graph is about the production of rye in Canada during 2017 ; the values are in tonnes . It shows a clearly growth from January over , reaching its maximum value during October . Then it 's possible to see a significant drop from October to November .
A graph of the total number of United States vehicles entering Canada every month in 2021 . The amount increases slightly until July , when it soars by August before easing the rest of the year .
The graph shows the production of chickens , turkeys , chicks , and poults in Canada in the year of 2017 . There is one data entry for each month of the year . Production is measured by the farm product price index .
The production of oats strongly fluctuated over the 2017 in Canada . It does n't really have an ascendant or descendant trend . The most significant dip has been recorded in May .
A chart about Canada 's creamery butter imports in 2020 , measured in tonnes . It increases before dropping dramatically and finally rebounds to new highs .
The shown graph is about the production of rye in Canada during 2018 . The production values are quantified using tonnes as unit of measure . As can be seen from the graph , the values are oscillating over the year .
The chart is showing the amount of import of creamery butter in tonnes in Canada over the course of 12 consecutive months of the year 2021 . Multiple peaks are visible , with two priminant ones in May and October . Most prominent dip occurs in February .
This graph illustrates the monthly passenger cars sales in thousands of dollars in Canada in 2020 . There was a steep decline in the month of April , but in May the sale 's jumped back up to a value slightly higher than the recorded value for the month of march . In June there was another significant increase in sales , but in October it began to fall again .
The production of Malt in Canada during 2016 showed several fluctuations during the year . The production values have been displayed using Tonnes as unit of measurement . The most relevant peaks have been recorded during the months of February and June .
This line chart represent the number of total Canadian vehicles returning in 2016 . A slow , but steady increase is taking place from March until it reaches its peak in August with a total number of 2200000 . After August the total number of Canadian vehicles returning starts decreasing until reaching its minimum value below 1400000 in February .
The line chart depicts the import of skim milk powder in Canada in 2019 . The imports fluctuate a lot in the year . It grows sharply from January to February and reduces considerably from February to March .
This line graph displays the production of fresh vegetables in Canada for 2018 using the farm product price index . A small decrease from January to February is followed by a steady increase until October , where the value again decreases for November and December .
The accompanying shows the monthly development of total livestock and animal products production in the year 2016 in Canada , measured in FPPI . It starts out at 1450 in January , increases slightly to just shy of 1475 in March , falls to 1430 in April and increases again to 1460 in June . After that it constantly decreases until reaching its lowest point of 1260 in October .
Canola oil production fluctuate significantly over short periods of time .
This graph represents the rate of New trucks sales in Canada during 2020 . It shows that it starts out at around 4.3 billion dollars in January . It reaches a low of 2 billion dollars in April .
A line chart about the global growth and punctual drops of the monthly egg production in Canada , 2017 .
The Diagramm showes the commercial software prince index of Canada over the year 2017 . The index is quite stable between Jannuary and May with a small peak in March . Then it drops suddenly till July .
The graph shows the average retail price ( Dollars/dozen ) for eggs in Canada during 2019 . In general , there is a steady upward trend of the price from January to October , and levels off from October to December , at about 3.37 . There is some oscillation From January to April , and the lowest price is recorded in January .
This charts shows the production of eggs in shell , as measured by the farm product price index , in Canada in 2016 . Production in January starts at a relatively high level , before increasing in February . After this , a gradual decline follows , reaching a minimum in July .
The graph shows the price index of laptop computer in the year 2016 in Canada . The price index fluctuates hugely the first four monthes and reach the maximum in May . It falls in June and July and drop massivly in August .
The graph depicts the fluctuation of softwood and hard wood production from January to November in 2017 . Production then sharply declined from November to December , reaching its lowest point .
We can see from the graph that total hardwood production has ben very volatile in 2019 . It started moderately in January and increased to an all year high of nearly 120 thousand cubic meters . However , as we approach middle of the year it dropped to less than 70 thousand cubic meters after which it rebounded in October and November but fell even more in December .
In June 2018 laptop price has hugely decrease .
This line chart shows the production of skim milk powder in tonnes in Canada in 2020 . The number of tonnes produced throughout the year fluctuates . A steadily declining trend can be observed in the graph .
The graph illustrates the import of skim milk powder in Canada 2021 . The there was an increase from January to February . Then from February to May there was a decrease in imports .
This graph shows the import of skim milk powder ( by Tonnes ) in Canada during 2020 each month . The graph fluctuates erratically throughout the year . However , there was sharp decline between January and March after which the graph rose again .
The production of unprocessed milk in Canada has been substantially growing over 2018 . In particular , during the first few months of the year the values have been slightly decreasing . But then from June over it rapidly increased , reaching it peaks on November 2018 .
The picture illustrates the supply of creamery butter in Canada in 2019 . The supply generally climbs from January to July . It then declines considerably till December , reaching the minimum value at below 40000 tonnes .
This chart shows the total Canadian residents entering the country of Canada in the year 2020 . We see a steep decline in the Beginning of the year bottoming out in April , with a an extremely low rate with a very tiny gradual increase from April to the end of the year . One can imagine this was due to covid travel bans .
The commercial software price index was slightly increasing during the three first months of the year 2017 , then slightly decline for a month . Afterwards it stayed constant for a month until a massive drop for 2 months , to grow again for a month and then decrease again . The 3 last months of the year the index surges again .
The line graph shows the sales of the new truck in Canada for 2021 . The number grows from January to March from around 80000 units to around 140000 units . It then shrinks from March to the end of the year except for a slight rise in June .
This is a line graph showing the average retail price for orange juice in Canada in the year 2020 . The units used are Dollars per Litre . There are 3 main spikes .
Creamery butter imports into Canada in 2018 . Imports were higher overall during the second half of the year ; however , the most noticeable feature is the sharp rise to a maximum value of over 1700 tonnes in June , followed by an equally sharp drop to a minimum value of less than 1100 tonnes in July .
The graph shows the supply of skim milk powder in tonnes in Canada during 2019 . The values are steady for the first three months and peak in April . The supply amount generally declines after April except for a significant surge in October and a slight increase in December .
The number of total Canadian residents entering Canada in 2021 is shown in the graph . The number remains stable from January to June and starts to grow from July . It reaches its peak in December at over 1600000 people .
This line chart shows the number of tonnes of creamery butter imported to Canada in 2021 . The number of tonnes oscillates throughout the year with the highest amount of approximately 2470 tonnes recorded in May , and the lowest amount of approximately 1500 tonnes recorded in February .
The price index for servers in 2018 rapidly fell from a high in January , to its lowest point in March of 2016 . After that the price index saw some fluctuation in the coming months until November , where it dropped again and did not change in December .
The graph shows the trend of the total number of Canadian vehicles returning to Canada during the year 2017 . The number drops between january and february and shows the minimum value in february . From february on it increases and shows the maximum value in august .
The chart represents the production of new motor vehicles ( month vs. profit in dollars ) in 2016 in Canada . The profit goes up rapidly in the first four months , then oscillates tending downward during May-September and finally plummets during September-December .
The graph illustrates the total number of vehicles from the United States entering Canada . Data for every month of 2016 is shown . The numbers vary for each month .
The following chart provides information about the house and land price index in Canada during 2018 . It 's clearly possible to see how the index value significantly dropped down between January and February . Over the next few months the index value remained stable .
A line chart about the total softwood production in Canada in the year 2020 . The total softwood production plummeted in April of 2020 , hitting an all time low of less than 3600 thousands cubic metres of softwood produced . However recovery was instant , and the production continued to climb and reach a fairly constant rate - even hitting 5000 in September .
The line chart about fresh potato production in Canada , 2018 shows that there was a peak in the production during the period of June , July and August . To drop during the month of October and then raise again . At the beginning of the year the production was growing until this boost in Summer .
Servers price index in 2018 from April to July has sharply increased .
As can be seen from the graph the production of unprocessed milk in Canada during 2018 had a significant growth during the second half of the year . It decreased from January to June , when it has been recorded the minimum value of the year . But then it started to rapidly increase reaching its maximum value during November 2019 .
this graph shows the average retail price for regular gasoline at self-service stations in Canada during 2021 , each month . The graph shows a general upward trend . The lost point on the graph was in Jan , while the highest was in Oct .
This shows the upward trend of retail prices for sirloin steak in Canada for the year 2021 . Plotting Dollars per Kilo on a month over month basis . We see a consistent upward trend from the start of the year to the end .
Graph elucidates the grain production in the year 2018 . Production experienced a general increase over the year , with a sharp spike in August and dips in the months of February , July and November .
This graph represents the price index of laptop computers in Canada in 2018 . The peak value can be observed during January at 966 . During the following months the price index fluctuates , until there is a sharp decline from May to June , reaching the lowest value of 952 .
This line graph displays the land price index in Canada for 2016 . The index is unchanged from January to April , where it rises steadily until August . From August to November there is a steep increase , with the value remaining unchanged in December .
This graph describes the average retail price in Canada for regular gasoline during the year 2020 . In general , it shows that the average price was at its peak during January and rapidly declined over the next three months to below 80 cents/litre in April .
The given graph shows the house and land price index development in Canada in the year 2018 , devided by month . The index started out at 1033 january and then decreased to 1031 in february and staying constant until may , giving way to a rise back to 1033 between may and july , again staying at 1033 dollars till the end of the year .
This graph shows the monthly amount of oats produced in Canada in 2018 in tonnes . Oat production stayed within the range of 80000 and 210000 tonnes each month . While most months averaged production at around 140000 tonnes , February , June and July saw dips in production to around 90000 tonnes and the fall months saw a higher harvest , 16000 and above 200000 tonnes consecutively .
The aforementioned graph shows the production of grains in FPPI units divided by months of the year 2016 . Starting point is at 1100 in January and after some slight ups and downs it increased to around 1115 in May only to plummet over the next few months to its lowest point around 970 in September just to increase to 1030 in December again .
New truck sales in Canada have been progressively decreasing since March 2021 . From January to March , however , there was a massive soar in sales , reaching almost 140000 units . .
The production of wheat flour in Canada fluctuated throughout 2021 . There was a sharp increase from February to May , but also a steep decrease from November to December . The production also remained constant from June to August .
This graph depicts the production of eggs in shell in Canada during 2017 . The unit is farm product price index ( FPPI ) . Production starts off at approximately 1363 in January and goes down to the lowest production at 1362 during February .
This chart shows new passenger car sales in Canada in the Year 2019 . With the x-axis in thousands of dollars we see a steep increase from the starting months peaking in May then a corresponding gradual decline all the way to the end of the year .
Line chart showing the increase of the House and land price index in 2016 in Canada .
The graph shows the average retail price for eggs in Canada from January to December 2021 . Prices shows are in dollars per dozen eggs and range from a low of less than 3.65 in February to a high of over 3.90 in August . Prices rose sharply between February and March and between July and August .
The graph shows the Average retail price for sirloin steak in Canada during 2019 . Generally , the production recorded its highest values in June reaching a peak of around 23.4 dollars per kilogram . Then , it follows by a sudden drop after Jun and remains to fluctuate around the low point .
This line chart shows the total softwood production in Canada over the year 2019 . In February , there is a dip in production , but it rebounds in March and stays steady until May . Then , from June to September , the production drops back down .
The international imports in all services in Canada of the year 2020 are shown in the line chart . The imports start from over 15000 million dollars and rapidly decline till May . Then it maintains at the same level during rest of the year .
The graph shows the production of fresh vegetables in Canada for the year fo 2018 . The graph shows production steadily increasing till October and then declines in the months after . It is important to note that production at the end of the year in December is much higher than it was beginning the year in January .
The total vehicles entering Canada line chart demonstrates the number of entering in every month in 2021 . Overall , the number of entering rises continuously through the year , but there are some fluctuation back and forth occurs in Mar and Aug . In the end of Dec , the number of entering reached to 1.1e6 vehicles entering .
As it 's shown in the graph , the production value of what flour in Canada during 2016 has been strongly fluctuating . The unit of measurement is tonnes . The graph shows several peaks , but the maximum values have been recorded during the months of April , Octoeber and November .
A line graph about the average retail price for orange juice in Canada for the year of 2019 . The price maintains the same level for most of the year at around 4.2 dollars , but it does dip for a month in April and spike for a month in August . .
This graph shows international imports in all services ( millions of dollars ) to Canada during 2021 , each month . There is a general upward trend . The graph was at its lowest in Feb and highest in Dec .
The production of rye in Canada measured in tonnes , for each month of the year 2020 . The production is the highest in August and the lowest in July . .
A line chart of Canada 's production of skim milk powder in 2020 . It trends downward during the year but rapidly oscillates . In the last month it rises up to 8000 .
A graph showing the farm product price index over the course of the year 2016 in Canada . It shows a significant price drop in July followed by a steady increase of the FPPPI until October .
The graph shows the average retail price for sirloin steak in dollars/kilogram in Canada during 2021 . The trend shows the price increasing over time with minor oscillations . The price reached a low of 22.5 in February and a high of 26.5 in October .
As it 's shown in the graph , the number of vehicles entering Canada during 2016 has been much higher during the summer compared with the other months of the year . In particular , the maximum number of vehicles entering Canada in 2016 has been registered during August . At the same time , the minimum value during February .
A graph plotting the price of new passenger car sales in Canada for every month of the year 2021 . Starting from aaround 16000 units in January , sales increase and peak in June at over 41000 before dropping to below 20000 by December .
The graph depicts a price index of servers in Canada . Data was taken from 2018 . One can observe a decline in the price index within the first months of the year , reaching a low of 997 in April .
A line graph about the average retail price for ketchup in Canada of the year 2021 . From January to July , the slope fluctuates up and down with a general trend of decreasing . Starting in August , the cost of ketchup has a significant increase , which it reaches the max of the upper year , and later surpasses and gradually increases , reaching to a cost of 4.4 dollars per litre at the end of the year .
This graph illustrates the trend in total vehicles entering Canada in 2021 . The months of March , August and December had a dramatic increase in the number of vehicles compared to the previous months , followed by a slight decline in the following month . .
The graph describes the production of chickens , turkeys , chicks and poults in Canada during 2018 . The production value is described using the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . As it can be seen from the graph , the production rapidly increased from January until August .
As it 's shown in the graph , the production of new motor vehicles in Canada during 2016 rapidly increased fom January to April . After that , it slowly slide down from April until the end of the year . The maximum number of new motor vehicles in Canada during 2016 was in April .
The graph shows the production of wheat flour ( in tonnes ) in Canada in the year 2018 . Production is very different over the year . While a significant decline in production can be observed from January to February , production continues to rise until April , reaching its annual maximum of more than 42000 tonnes .
The graph is showing the trend about production of chickens , turkeys , chicks and poults in Canada during 2016 . The values are illustrated using the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . The values have been fluactuating over the year , with several dips and peaks .
The price index of desktop and similar computers in Canada in 2017 is illustrated by this graph . Whereas the maximum of 1004 can be observed during January , a slow drop can be seen until May . The graph depicts a sharp drop between May and June , reaching 973 .
The graph shows the average retail price for eggs in Canada in 2019 . The graph offers a increasing trend with the month going from January to December . The graph boost from Jan to Feb but experience a drop from Feb to Mar .
The new trucks sales begin at around 4 thousands dollars , followed by a rapid decline to reach the lowest point in April . Then it raises steeply to 6 from April to June . During June to September , it continues the increase but with a steady speed .
This graph shows the average retail price for regular gasoline at self-service stations in Canada during 2021 . It shows that the price started at a low of just over 110 Cents/litre . It steadily increased until October , where it reached a high of about 146 Cents/litre .
A line chart about the increase in total international travelers entering Canada in 2021 . The beginning of the year is fairly steady with about 1 million people entering the country . In July , there is a sharp increase in the total international travelers entering Canada .
This graph represents the total livestock and animal products of Canada in 2017 . The number of products experiences a sharp increase from January until reaching the maximum during June , whereas a small decline is observed in the month of April . From June until September the total livestock and animal products rapidly decline and reach a minimum of under 1340 in September .
Note that on the graph for average retail price for regular gasoline that it was initially very expensive , at 115 cents/litre . But from February to April , it began to decrease rapidly , from ~110 cents/litre to less than 80 cents/litre . But then it recovered to a steady level at around 102 cents/litre .
The graph shows the values about the production of Wheat flour in Canada over 2018 . The values are described using tonnes as unit of measure . There is a drop from January to February .
This line chart shows the average retail price for apples in Canada in 2021 . The average price in January is at $ 4.53/kg and steadily increases to $ 4.97/kg in August . The average price then drops to $ 4.45/kg between August and November .
The chart shows average retail price for pork chops in Canada in each month in 2021 . The data range from around 11.5 dollars/kg to 12.8 dollars/kg . The trend oscillated but in general there was a downwards trend from January to May and an upwards trend from May to December with a peak in August and December .
This line chart depicts the house price index of houses in Canada in 2017 . It is broken down into the months of the year . Values are ranging from 998 to 1033 .
This graph illustrates the monthly supply of skim milk powder in tonnes in the year of 2020 . Overall , there was a fairly steady decrease in supply throughout the year , with the exception of a surge in the months of June and July , and then again in December . The supply was highest in January and lowest in November .
The line chart provides an overview of the production of creamery butter in Canada in 2019 . The production generally drops from January to August except for a gentle rise in April and reaches its minimum in August at around 7000 tonnes . It then grows from August to December .
Softwood production was highest in March , producing approximately 5350000 m^3 continuing with high production through April and May . Production falls through the summer months and after an increase in October drops to its lowest value of approximately 3900000 m^3 in December .
The graph shows the average retail price for orange juice in Dollars in Canada during each month in 2019 . The average price recorded its highes values during August , reaching a peak of over 4.5 dollars . The lowest price is below 4.0 , which is recorded in April .
The graph illustrated the production of fresh potatoes in Canada in 2017 . The measurement used is the farm product price index ( FPPI ) : There is a clear peak in August , reaching an index of more than 1800 .
This graph describes how many new truck sales there are each month in Canada during 2019 . There is a decline in new truck sales during winter and a spike in sales from March to August .
This graph depicts the total Canadian softwood production in cubic metres in 2018 . The unit given is cubic metres . Production starts at around 5600 in January and drops to approximately 5180 in February .
As is shown form the graph , the production of unprocessed milk steadily increases in winter time , and steadily decreases in summer . The graph shows that production is highest in November and lowest in June .
This line chart illustrates the production of wheat flour ( in tonnes ) of Canada in 2016 . Production starts very low in January at approximately 19500 tonnes . From there on production starts oscillating a lot , having a peak during February , a low in March and reaching the maximum during April .
the total vehicle entering Canada in 2017 were about 2000000 in Jan and Feb. then , they increased linearly until Aug , reaching 3400000 . The they decreased considerably to 2400000 , almost back to where they started from .
The graph illustrates the supply of skim milk powder in Canada in 2019 . The supply maintains at the same level in the first three months . It then boosts to its peak of the year in April .
The following line chart is decribing the trend of the total farm production index in Canada during 2018 . The values are described using the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . It can be seen from the graph that the values are frequently fluctuating over the year , showing several peaks and dips .
The line chart describes the number of total vehicles entering Canada during 2018 . It 's clearly possible to observe that this value rapidly growed from January to August , showing the highest values during the summer months . During the last few months of the year the number of total vehicles entering Canada rapidly decreased .
This is a line chart about the production of canolas in Canada for the year 2019 . Starting from Jan with 1.8 tones production , it remained lower than 1.8 tones until September , when the production increases hugely to around 2.75 tones . It then quickly drops to 1.5 tones in November and slightly increases to around 2 tones in Dec .
The graph shows the price index of serves in Canada during 2016 . At the beginning of the year , between January and March , the index considerably dropped down . After that , it has been oscillating over the rest of the year .
It describes the price index of laptop computer in Canada during 2016 . It 's clearly possible to see how the values are strongly fluctuating over the year . The maximum values have been recorded during the may of February and May .
The following graph describes how the FPPI ( farm product price index ) about production of eggs in shell in Canada has been slowly increasing during 2017 . In particular , it increased from 1362 in February to 1371 in December .
The average price of apples were relatively low in the beginning of the year at less than 4.40 dollars/kilogram until June , when it suddenly increased . It stays at a relatively high price of around 4.55 dollars/kilogram until November where it became slightly cheaper but still pretty expensive .
The graph shows the number of Canadian vehicles returning in 2016 . The graph follows an uphill climb from January until August , except for dips in the months of Feburary and June . After August , the graph has a falling trend to the end of the year .
A line graph about the general decline trend in the supply of creamery butter in Canada of 2020 . There is a growth of supply but it fluctuates between every 2 to 3 months , and an overall of decline in supply by the end of the year .
The graph shows the value of shipments of salt in dollars in Canada throughout 2020 . The value drops sharply in March down to a low of 2.5 before recovering quickly back to 3.7 in April . The value rises to 4.2 in June but slowly declines montly until October .
This line chart plots the total number of foreign travelers entering Canada over the year of 2020 . The number of travelers starts at around 1 million in January , but then between February and April , the number plummets down to less than 1 million . Then , until December , the number remains steady , only rising slightly past 1 million by the end of the year .
A figure indicating canola production in Canada each month in 2018 . There do not seem to be any seasonal trends in the production . The maximum production occurred in October , at over 1400000 tonnes ; and production fell below 600000 tonnes in February , August and September .
The following line chart provides useful information about the production of new motor vehicles in Canada during 2016 . The production value is quantified using the number of units producted . During the first few months of the year the production rapidly increased , reaching the maximum value over 2016 in March .
The new passenger car sales chart illustrate the amount of sales in Canada which were sold in every month in 2019 . X-axis unit are measured in month , and y-axis is measured in thousand dollars . Overall , the trend of new passenger car sales increases from Jan to May , decreases signifcantly from May to Aug , and then decreases gradually from Aug to Dec. .
The chart shows the average retail price for regular gasoline at self-service stations across Canada in 2019 . After a drastic increase from the minimum of around 108 cents/litre in January to the maximum of around 131 cents/litre in May , the price gradually decreased , with some minor fluctuations , until the end of the year where it ended at around 115 cents/litre in December .
Eggs production greatly increases during the second half of the year .
This graph depicts the total number of United States vehicles entering in Canada during 2016 . The lowest number of vehicles is observed in January , at approximately 640000 . During the following months numbers of entering vehicles steadily increase until reaching the maximum number the year 2016 in July with approximately 1250000 .
The graph is showing the value of shipments of silver in tens of millions of dollars in Canada for 12 consecutive months in 2020 . The pattern is divided into two parts , where before July , the value was more stable and decreasing , and after July peaking sharply and maintaining at high level after a moderate decline .
The production of fresh potatoes in Canada during 2016 reached its maximum values during the months of July , August and September . In particular , the maximum value over the year has been registered during the month of August . It 's clearly possible to see how the production of fresh potatoes is way higher during the summer months than during the winter one .
Production of fresh vegetables for 2018 in whole Canada , represented by the farm product price index . It can be seen , that the production rises in the months from february until october and then drops .
Chart shows the Value of shipments of lime in Canada in the year 2020 . Depicting the dollar value on a month over month basis , where we see a gradual increase from the starting months to the peak in June then a steep drop in Dollar value in August but a rapid climb back up close to the yearly high in November with another steep decline in December .
As it 's possible to see , the following graph is about the production of eggs in shell in Canada during 2018 . The values are reported using the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . The production slightly increase over the first half of the year , so from January until July .
The land price index in Canada during 2016 has been showing a slight but constant ascendant trend . In particular , from January to April the index value remained exactly the same . But then , after that , it started to grow up with few fluctuations in between .
This chart shows how the Canadian total farm production index varies by month throughout 2018 . We see a distinctive season pattern . Production starts at a middling level in the first three months of the year , before a rapid increase from April to July , where it reaches a peak .
This line chart reflects the production of eggs in a shell in Canada during 2018 . From January until March the production remains unaltered at approximately 1375 . From March until July a steady increase of up to 1405 can be observed .
The given graph shows the monthly development of the production of fresh vegetables in Farm product price index in 2016 in Canada . After starting out at 1402 in January it immediately starts falling to 1360 in May , rising again to 1375 in June and then falling to 1343 in August . After staying pretty flat until October it starts skyrocketing to its highest point of 1410 in December .
Increase of house price index during 2017 months per months .
The line chart shows the number of total international travellers entering Canada in 2021 . In general , the number of international travellers increases from around 1000000 to 3000000 persons from January to December . .
It 's clearly possible to see from the graph that the production of fresh potatoes in Canada during 2018 reached its maximum values during the summer months . In particular , the most significant peak of the values was registered during August 2018 . Despite of that , during the rest of the year the production value remained quite stable with few and not significant fluctuations .
The graph shoes the overall decrease in tablet computer prices throughout the year . The months of March , June , September and December experienced more sharp drops than the others . The price index climbed slghtly after each sharp drop , but proceeded to slide again .
This graph illustrates values about the total farm production index in Canada during 2018 . Those values are described using the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . It 's clearly possible to see how the maximum values of production are registered during the summer months .
The graph shows the import of creamery butter ( month vs. tonnes ) in Canada in 2016 . First the rapid growth is observed in January , followed by a sharp decline in February . The import then raises slightly in March , remaining constant from April to June .
This graph indicates the number of total Canadian vehicles returning to the country in 2017 . The lowest number of approximately 1400000 can be observed during the month of February . Over the following 4 months a steady increase takes place .
As it can be seen from the graph , the price index about desktop and similar computer in Canada during 2018 slowly decreased over the year with several fluctuations . During January and February the values remain stable , without any changes . The minimum values have been recorded during August and October .
A Line graph , depicting Canada 's total hardwood production in the Year 2019 . With production on the y-axis and date showing month over month trend of said production . The peak is at March , and seems to stay consistent in the spring months , with a steep decline in the summer and a slight pickup from September to October with a yearly low at December .
A chart showing the number of vehicles from the United States entering Canada sorted by month and showing the significant peak in the summer months .
The graph shows total number in millions of people of Canadian residents entering the country over the course of twelve consecutive months in 2020 . In the beginning of the year , the number of people is relatively high and dips sharply in March and April to way below 1 million for the rest of the year .
This line chart reflects the Total United States vehicles entering Canada during 2021 . From January until July a steady increase of up to approximately 187000 can be observed . There is a rapid increase in the number of vehicles entering Canada from the United States between July and August , reaching its highest number , and then followed by a steady decrease .
A Graph showing the production of new motor vehicles by Canada in 2016 . As you can see the production had a big climbing in Q1 2016 . It stayed stable in Q2 and Q3 , while fell down in Q4 .
The line chart illustrates the average retail price for pork chops in Canada for the year 2021 . The price fluctuates throughout the year . Overall , it declines from January to May and grows from May to December , reaching its peak at 12.8 dollars/kilogram .
This figure represents the land price index in Canada in 2018 . Overall the price index increases throughout the year . During January a value of 1037 can be observed , after which it rises up to 1038 during February .
This chart shows the production of malt , measures in tonnes , in Canada in 2016 . Product starts in January at its low point , before a steep increase in February . A mild decrease follows until April , before increasing to a maximum in June .
The graph shows the total farm production index in Canada for the year 2016 . The graph reaches its highest point in June and then steadily drops each month until reaching its lowest point in October . Thereafter , it slowly recovers until December .
The FPPI of Canadian fresh fruit in 2016 fluctuates steadily between January and April . Then the FPPI start to decline , with its downwards slope increasing slightly after May . The FPPI drops dramatically in July , and reaches its lowest point in August .
As it 's possible to see from the graph , the production of unprocessed milk in Canada reported two significant peaks during 2017 , one in February and one in October . Futhermore , from February to July the production value strongly decrease , reaching the yearly minimum value during July . It 's clearly possible to see how the summer months are the period with the least production of unprocessed milk .
The line chart shows the farm product price index ( FPPI ) about production of grain in Canada during 2016 . It 's possible to see how the index has been quite steady from January to June , but then a relevant drop has been recorded from June to August , where the index dropped from 1100 to 980 . During the last few months of the year the index slowly started to increase again .
This graph represents the price index of Desktop and similar computers in Canada in 2017 . The maximum price of approximately 1004 can be observed during January , whereas the price steadily decreases during the following months until May with 989 . There is a sharp drop in June at a value of 973 .
This graph depicts the total Canadian softwood and hardwood production of 2016 . The unit used is cubic metres . Production during January lies at approximately 54000 and experiences an increase until reaching the maximum value in March at above 58300 .
A line chart about the Commercial software prince index in Canada in the year 2016 . Values are analyzed in the different months of the year . With index values ranging from less than 1180 to more than 1220 .
The graphs shows the total softwood and hardwood production in Canada in the year 2017 . As can be seen in the graph , the production changes very much over the year . Initially , the value falls to February before rising in March and reaching a maximum of over 60000 cubic meters .
The units of new passenger cars sold in each month of the year 2021 in Canada .
The graph showes the price index of servers in 2016 . It starts with the maximum value in January and falls massive till to the minimum in March . Afterwards it increases till June while dropping a little bit in May .
This graph depicts the total softwood production in cubic metres of Canada in 2016 . Production starts at approximately 53000 cubic metres in January and increases to one of its maximum values of 57000 cubic metres in March . The following months show first a slow decrease , but then a sharp decrease in July .
Tablet computer price index in Canada for 2016 . The price index slowly trended downwards throughout the year but experienced three significant drops : in March , in September ( possibly coinciding with back-to-school sales ) , and in December ( possibly due to Boxing Day and Boxing Week sales ) .
The total farm production index from the year 2016 is showen by the graph . in Jannuary it starts increasing continously till March , decreas a little bit in April and increase again till it reach the annual maximum of around 1375 in June . The folowing monthes the index decrease rapidly till October and reaches the minimum value of about 1245. in November and December it increases again .
In this graph , the price index of laptop computers can be seen . The data illustrated was collected in Canada in 2016 . The graph 's line shows many ups and downs , with an overall high in February and May ( index of 1010 ) and an overall low in August ( index of 997 ) .
The total softwoord production in Canada during 2017 considerably oscillated up and down over the year . The maximum value was recorded in May 2017 . But at the same time , two other peaks were in May and October .
As it can be seen from the graph , the total number of Unitated States vehicles entering in Canada during 2017 presented the highest values during the summer period . In particular , the maximum value has been reached during July . The month with less United States vehicles entering Canada over the year has been February 2017 .
This graph shows the average retail price for cigarettes in Canada during 2021 , each month . The graph shows a general upward trend . The lowest point on the graph is in Jan , while the highest is in Sep. A steep increase is observed from Mar to May , and an increasing trend continues till Jul .
This is a line graph showing the 2017 house price index in Canada . There is a stable increase from the graph 's bottom at under 1000 in January , and peaking at over 1030 in December .
The provided graph depicts the development of the price index for tablet computers in Canada in 2016 , divided by month . After a slow decline from 943 in January to 938 in February it crashes , reaching a low point of 897 in March . Afterwards it rises to 924 in April and then slowly but constantly declines to 876 in December .
The production of fresh potatoes in Canada 2017 shows the highest values during the summer months . In particular , the production reports its maximum value during the month of August . It remain quite steady during the other months of the year .
This graph represents the Canadian production of Canola in 2018 . The given unit are tonnes . Production starts off at approximately 1150000 during January , after which a sharp decline is observed during February , reaching below 600000 .
The graph indicates the production of eggs in shell in canada in the year of 2016 . As the graph rises from January to February , it drops sharply until July , before reaching a minimum of 1340 . Subsequently , the value rises continuously until the end of the year , reaching a maximum of 1365 in December .
This graph displays the price fluctuation of ketchup over the course of a year . The data is specific to the Canadian market and is only for the year 2020 . The price is calculated in dollars per litre .
The number of canadian vehicles returning to the country during 2017 registered the highest values during the summer months . In particular , the maximum number was recorded during August 2017 . At the same time , the lowest value of the year was during the month of February .
The graph illustrates the production of rye in canada in the year 2017 . The production is very low in the first third of the year , before it rises sharply until October , reaching a maximum of 20000 tonnes . Then the production decrease again for the remaining months of the year .
This line graph shows the cubic meters of softwood produced monthly in Canada in 2020 . The production of softwood generally stays between 4300 thousand cubic meters and 5100 thousand cubic meters . However , there was a significant drop in production in April with a value of 3500 thousand cubic meters .
In this graph , one can see the total softwood and hardwood production in Canada . Production of 2016 is measured in cubic meters . The graph is M-shaped , with lows in January , July , and December and highs in March and November .
A line chart about the import of skim milk powder in Canada in the year 2020 . The year started off with a large plunge in imports , hitting an all time low in March . This slowly grew throughout the middle of the year , finally fluctuating to its all time high at above 350 tonnes and finishing off the year at 250 tonnes .
The graph illustrates the production of Grains in Canada in in 2016 . The first few monthes till May the production fluctuate at around 1100 . In june it starts to decrease a little bit and in july and august there is a massive drop .
The line chart is displaying the recorded data about production of wheat flour in Canada during 2017 . The minimum value of production have been recorded during the months of January , August and November . From January to February has been recorded a significant growth .
This chart shows the production of fresh fruit , by the farm product price index , in Canada in 2017 . We see a generally increasing pattern throughout the year . We start at a markedly low level of production from January until May , at which point production starts to increase until July .
It 's clearly possible to see from this graph how the production of grains in Canada had a big drop from June to August 2016 . During the first few months , from January to June , the value remained quite stable . But then it dramatically dropped down .
This figure represents the Canadian price index of servers in 2018 . The price index starts off at 1010 during January , and keeps decreasing throughout the following months , until it reaches its minimum value of below 998 in April . From then on there is a sharp increase , peaking in July at above 1012 .
The line chart illustrates the production of unprocessed milk in Canada during 2017 . The values are described using the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . It 's clearly possible to see two main peaks over the year , one during February and one during October .
The land price index for Canada during the year of 2018 increased from April to December . The price index plateaued during the months of March through April , June through August , September through October and November through December .
The line chart shows the number of vehicles entering Canada during 2019 . The chart indicates a major growth in the numbers from beginning of 2019 to August and a sharp drop afterwards . The highest and lowest numbers are about 3.55 millions in August and 1.95 millions in February respectively .
It shows the data about supply of creamery butter in Canada during 2016 . The displayed values are in tones . It 's possible to see how the value rapidly increase from January over , reaching its peaks during the month of July with approximately 29000 tonnes .
The shown data values are about the production of Eggs in shell in Canada during 2016 . They are described using the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . The values slightly increased from January to February .
The graph shows the total international travallers entering the country for Canada in year 2021 . The whole main trend is increasing and specifically grow from Jun to Jul , in the other times , remain stable smoothly raise for the trend . Even though , for the Jan to Feb , people get a small lose but overall , most of the time are raise well in the data .
The production of new motor vehicle in Canada in 2017 climbed from 120000 to 220000 from Jan to May . Then it dropped until Jul , was stable until Sep. with a final further decline to 130000 at the end of the year .
This is a canola production graph , showing the amount produced in tonnes for the year 2016 . Production stayed within the range of 600000 to about 1125000 tonnes during the year . Production started just under 800000 tonnes in January and rose to above 1000000 tonnes in March .
Total softwood production in Canada for the year 2021 is displayed in this line chart . The value of interest is cubic metres by the thousands sold per month . While March faired the best with the most softwood sold , December faired the worst with close to none being sold .
The average retail price for sirloin steak grows exponentially from January to June and reaches the peak in June . Then decreases rapidly in August . Then it remains steady until December .
The production of chickens , turkeys , chicks and poults fluctuates in Canada during the year 2016 . From Januar until June it is remaining almost stable . From June until October it rises continuously and reaches the maximum value in october .
This line chart describes the supply of creamery butter in Canada over the year of 2020 . The supply constantly fluctuates each month , but there is a general downward trend over the entire year . The supply starts at around 40500 tonnes at the start of the year , peaks at around 42500 tonnes in April , but then declines down to 36000 tonnes by December .
We can note the average retail price for pork chops in Canada in 2019 from the line chart shown . The price fluctuates throughout the whole year . It starts at the highest value in January at above 12.3 Dollars/kilograms and declines to March .
The graph illustrates the productioin of Rye in tonnes in 2016 . The first few montes till May the graph stays quite constant at a low level of about 5000 tonnes , besides a small peak in March up to nearly 10000 tonnes . The graph starts to increase continusly from May to July .
The graph shows the number of new truck sales in Canada over the year 2019 . The number of units sold begin at around 87500 in January before quickly rising to 140000 in March . From March to September , the number of monthly sales fluctuates between 130000 and 150000 .
Amount of vehicles entering Canada in 2018 .
It 's possible to see how the import value of creamery butter in Canada presented several fluctuations over the year . In particular during the first few months different peaks and dips have been recorded . Then the import value rapidly increased from August to November .
This is a line graph showing the 2017 price index of laptops in Canada . There is a declining trend throughout the year , with a slight spike in October . The graph 's peak is in February at 994 , and the graph 's trough is in December at 970 .
This is a connected scatterplot of hardwood production in Canada for the year 2021 . It shows the amount of hardwood sold in cubic metres per month for the whole year . July had the lowest sales while March had the highest sales .
