This line chart shows the total softwood production in Canada over the year 2019 . In February , there is a dip in production , but it rebounds in March and stays steady until May . Then , from June to September , the production drops back down .
This graph illustrates the Canadian import of creamery butter in 2017 . The unit used is tonnes . Import reaches its maximum of over 2500 tonnes during June and its second highes import during the month of March with approximately 2150 .
The graph shows the production of wheat flour ( in tonnes ) in Canada in the year 2018 . Production is very different over the year . While a significant decline in production can be observed from January to February , production continues to rise until April , reaching its annual maximum of more than 42000 tonnes .
The commercial software price index was slightly increasing during the three first months of the year 2017 , then slightly decline for a month . Afterwards it stayed constant for a month until a massive drop for 2 months , to grow again for a month and then decrease again . The 3 last months of the year the index surges again .
This chart reveals trends in the production of rye in Canada for the year 2021 . The y axis ranges from 0 tonnes to 50000 tonnes . Looking at how much rye was produced over the course of a year , we see that the lowest production occurred in May while the highest occurred in August .
This graph depicts the total Canadian softwood and hardwood production of 2016 . The unit used is cubic metres . Production during January lies at approximately 54000 and experiences an increase until reaching the maximum value in March at above 58300 .
The graph shows the international exports in all services in Canada in 2019 . The exports start from below 11500 million dollars and generally increase till September except for two slight shrinks in May and August . After September , the international exports decline till November and raise back in Decemeber .
The production of wheat flour in Canada fluctuated throughout 2021 . There was a sharp increase from February to May , but also a steep decrease from November to December . The production also remained constant from June to August .
The new passenger cars sales in Canada of the year 2019 are shown in the time-series line charts . The number rapidly grows from January to May and then drastically shrinks till the end of the year , reaching its minimum at around 25000 units .
The commercial software price index in Canada slipped down during the 2017 . The highest value has been recorded during March . Then , it significantly dropped between May and September .
The graph illustrates the total number of vehicles from the United States entering Canada . Data for every month of 2016 is shown . The numbers vary for each month .
The chart shows the variation of house price in Canada during the year 2018 . The higher price was identify during the month of January , followed by a considerable decline till May , when it returns to rise rapidly . Prices remain steady in the last 4 months of the year .
The chart represents the production of new motor vehicles ( month vs. profit in dollars ) in 2016 in Canada . The profit goes up rapidly in the first four months , then oscillates tending downward during May-September and finally plummets during September-December .
This line chart represents the Canadian production of new motor vehicles in dollars in 2017 . The year starts with a minimum production value of 4500000 dollars in January and gradually increases until reaching its maximum in May with approximately 8500000 . From May onwards the production starts fluctuating , having a low in July , but also an increased production in September .
This graph displays the price fluctuation of ketchup over the course of a year . The data is specific to the Canadian market and is only for the year 2020 . The price is calculated in dollars per litre .
The value about softwood and hardwoock stocks in Canada rapidly increased during the first months of 2016 . After that , a considerable drop was recorded between the months of May and July . During the last months of the year the softwood and hardwood stocks slowly declined .
The new passenger car sales chart illustrate the amount of sales in Canada which were sold in every month in 2019 . X-axis unit are measured in month , and y-axis is measured in thousand dollars . Overall , the trend of new passenger car sales increases from Jan to May , decreases signifcantly from May to Aug , and then decreases gradually from Aug to Dec. .
Line chart showing the increase of the House and land price index in 2016 in Canada .
This graph shows the supply of skim milk power in Canada in 2020 , each month , by tonnes . The graph is erratic , but has an overall downward trend . The graph was at its peak in Jan , while it was at its lowest in Nov .
This graph shows the average retail price for cigarettes in Canada during 2021 , each month . The graph shows a general upward trend . The lowest point on the graph is in Jan , while the highest is in Sep. A steep increase is observed from Mar to May , and an increasing trend continues till Jul .
A graph showing the amount of skim milk powder imported in Canada in the year 2019 by every month , weighed in tonnes . Starting at less than 150 tonnes , the amount soars to 400 by February and plummets again before staying constant until July , diving in August , increasing again by September only to plunge by November and reach a new low by December .
Production of creamery decreased sharply in Canada in the period January-June from 11500 to about 8000 . Then it was kind of stable , slightly fluctuating until November , with a rapid growth in December , reaching 10000 by the end of the year .
This graph represents the house and land price index of Canada in 2017 . Overall a content increase can be observed throughout the year , starting at approximately 1001 in January and increasing of uptimes to 1033 in November where it plateaus like that until December .
This graph shows the average retail price ( Dollars/kilogram ) for pork chops in Canada during 2020 . The maximum average price occured in June , at about 12.6 . In general , the prices were higher during the spring and summer months .
This is a line graph showing the 2017 price index of laptops in Canada . There is a declining trend throughout the year , with a slight spike in October . The graph 's peak is in February at 994 , and the graph 's trough is in December at 970 .
This graph shows the average retail price of eggs measured in dollars per dozen for each month of the year 2020 in Canada . The lowest price point was in March and the highest price was in September . .
The production of fresh fruit in Canada during 2017 has been increasing over the year . Even that , several fluctuations have been recorded , in particular during the first months of the year . The maximum values have been recorded during November and December .
This graph shows Canada 's international exports in all of its services for each month of the year 2020 . It is measured in millions of dollars , it is highest in the first few months of the years , then dips during the summer months , and goes up again in the last few months of the year . .
The average price of apples were relatively low in the beginning of the year at less than 4.40 dollars/kilogram until June , when it suddenly increased . It stays at a relatively high price of around 4.55 dollars/kilogram until November where it became slightly cheaper but still pretty expensive .
The commercial software price index in Canada considerably increased over 2018 . The minimum value was in January around 1130 . The maximum value was in December around 1167 .
The graph shoes the overall decrease in tablet computer prices throughout the year . The months of March , June , September and December experienced more sharp drops than the others . The price index climbed slghtly after each sharp drop , but proceeded to slide again .
The graph shows the production of chickens , turkeys , chicks , and poults in Canada in the year of 2017 . There is one data entry for each month of the year . Production is measured by the farm product price index .
The graph is a line chart , illustrating the commercial software price index in Canada . The data used is from 2018 . The y-axis showing the index ranges from 1125 to 1170 .
A line chart about the production of Canola in Canada in the year 2020 . Canola production did not prove to be very fruitful for the early half of the year . However we were able to see a huge surge in Canola production in September , jumping up to over 3 tonnes in the month .
The graph shows the values of House price index in Canada during 2016 . It 's clearly possible to see how it rapidly increased over the year , with really few and light fluctuations . The minimum value has been recorded during January and the maximum one during December .
Hardwood production fluctuated throughout the year with an initial increase before a drastic fall in production during July . Production levels returned to average in August through December . Maximum production occurred in March , followed by February and April .
The production of new motor vehicle in Canada in 2017 climbed from 120000 to 220000 from Jan to May . Then it dropped until Jul , was stable until Sep. with a final further decline to 130000 at the end of the year .
A line graph about the average retail price for ketchup in Canada of the year 2021 . From January to July , the slope fluctuates up and down with a general trend of decreasing . Starting in August , the cost of ketchup has a significant increase , which it reaches the max of the upper year , and later surpasses and gradually increases , reaching to a cost of 4.4 dollars per litre at the end of the year .
This figure represents the Canadian production of rye during 2017 . The given unit are tonnes . Production remains mostly stable throughout the months of January until May , around 6000 to 8000 tonnes .
A line chart of the number of travellers entering Canada . It starts out high then plummets , and maintains the low level .
The graph shows the units of new trucks sales in Canada for each month in 2020 . The sales reach a peak in Feburary at about 100000 units , and then decrease to a minimum point of 40000 in April , then continuously increasing from May to September . The sales reaches the maximum at September at 140000 , and then decrease again until December .
The graph shows the trend of the total number of Canadian vehicles returning to Canada during the year 2017 . The number drops between january and february and shows the minimum value in february . From february on it increases and shows the maximum value in august .
The following graph shows the total farm production index value in Canada during 2017 , and the values are described using the farm product price index ( FPPI ) as UOM . It 's possible to see how the production value considerably increased from January until July . After that , it dropped between July and September .
The diagram showes the Production of new motor vehicles in Dollar over the year 2016 in Canada . In januarry less than 4500000 vehicles were produced ( lowest ) . Till April the production increase steadyly and reach the highest value .
This line graph shows international exports in all services in Canada in the year 2020 , per month . The units used are millions of dollars . There is one prominent peak in February , with a decline until June to July .
The graph is showing the production 's trend of total hardwood in Canada during 2017 . The values are in cubic metres . It 's clearly possible to see how the values are strongly fluctuating over the year .
The graph indicates the house price index in canada in the year 2016 . As shown the index increases during the hole year until he reaches the maximum of 1000 in December . Unfortunately , you can not say more about this graph .
The graph shows the production of creamery butter in tonnes in Canada during 2019 . Overall , the level of production is relatively stable from January to September . The maximum production happened in October and created a significant peak in production .
The graph depicts the production of oats in Canada in 2019 . The production generally falls from January to July . It then climbs rapidly to the peak at over 400000 tonnes in October .
In this graph , the price index of laptop computers can be seen . The data illustrated was collected in Canada in 2016 . The graph 's line shows many ups and downs , with an overall high in February and May ( index of 1010 ) and an overall low in August ( index of 997 ) .
The line graph shows the sales of the new truck in Canada for 2021 . The number grows from January to March from around 80000 units to around 140000 units . It then shrinks from March to the end of the year except for a slight rise in June .
A chart about Canada 's creamery butter imports in 2020 , measured in tonnes . It increases before dropping dramatically and finally rebounds to new highs .
Chart showing the average retail price for orange juice in Canada in the year 2021 . This chart shows a lot of variability with large spikes over the different months , especially in the summer months . However there is a general trend over the year in increasing prices for dollars per litre of orange juice .
General uptrend in the year . Increased sharply from Jan to July then stayed relatively flat from July to Dec .
The production of grains in Canada during 2018 reported several fluctations . Even that , it shows a significant peak during the month of August . The minimum value has been registered during the month of February .
The graph shows the average retail price for orange juice in Canada in 2019 . The price slips to the minimum value in April and increases to the maximum value in August . The price remains mostly steady for the rest of the months .
This chart shows new passenger car sales in Canada in the Year 2019 . With the x-axis in thousands of dollars we see a steep increase from the starting months peaking in May then a corresponding gradual decline all the way to the end of the year .
The production of fresh fruit in Canada clearly showed an ascendant trend during 2017 . The values have been oscillating up and down several times over the year , even if the trend kept growing up . The production reached its maximum value during the month of December , and its minimum values during the first months of the year .
This line chart shows the number of tonnes of creamery butter imported into Canada in 2019 . Imports stayed relatively steady between January and September , fluctuating between just under 1400 tonnes and 1800 tonnes . However , imports rose sharply in October , reaching a peak of over 2400 tonnes , and then declined just as sharply in November .
A graph plotting the average retail price per kilogram of sirloin steak in Canada for every month in 2019 . The price increases from January to March before dropping by May only to peak in June before dropping to a new low in July and remaining at a similar price level for the rest of the year .
A line chart about the average retail price for ketchup restricted to Canada in 2019 . The price fluctuates month-to-month , but follow a general trend of starting high at the beginning of the year , dropping sharply until the middle of the year , then increasing at a similar rate to the end of the year .
The graph shows the average retail price , in dollars per litre , for Ketchup in Canada during 2019 each month . The graph shows prices fluctuating erratically throughout the year . The maximum price for ketchup was recorded in Feb .
The shown line chart provides information about the production of fresh fruit in Canada during 2018 . The values are described using the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . It 's clearly possible to see two significant peaks during the months of March and August .
This graph illustrates the production of fresh potatoes in Canada in 2016 . Production mainly starts in March , with a slow increase throughout until June . Production sharply increases from June onwards , reaching a maximum of nearly 1700 during August .
The picture illustrates the supply of creamery butter in Canada in 2019 . The supply generally climbs from January to July . It then declines considerably till December , reaching the minimum value at below 40000 tonnes .
The line chart is displaying the recorded data about production of wheat flour in Canada during 2017 . The minimum value of production have been recorded during the months of January , August and November . From January to February has been recorded a significant growth .
A graph showing the value of shipments of copper in Canada for the year of 2020 . The value fluctuates greatly between months , oscillating around a general trend of decreasing for the first half of the year and then increasing for the latter half . The period of oscillation appears to be around 4 months .
The shown data values are about the production of Eggs in shell in Canada during 2016 . They are described using the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . The values slightly increased from January to February .
The chart shows fluctuations in Canada 's supply of creamery butter throughout the year 2021 . For most months of the year , the supply fluctuated between around 35000 and 37000 tonnes . However , September saw an anomalous spike , reaching almost 39500 tonnes of creamery butter supply .
The new truck sales chart illustrate the amount of sales in Canada which were sold in every month in 2019 . X-axis unit are measured in month , and y-axis is measured in thousand dollars . The overall trend of sales increases from Jan to May and decreases from May to Dec. .
The number of canadian vehicles returning to the country during 2017 registered the highest values during the summer months . In particular , the maximum number was recorded during August 2017 . At the same time , the lowest value of the year was during the month of February .
Peaked in the middle of July . Looks like a normal distribution . Increase sharply from Feb to Jul , then dropped sharply from Aug to Nov .
It shows the number of total vehicles entering Canada during 2017 . It 's clearly possible to see how this value rapidly increase from January until the end of the summer , reaching its maximum value in August . After that , the number of vehicles entering Canada decrease during the last few months of the year .
The production of malt in Canada reported some strong oscillations of the value during 2018 . As it 's possible to see from the graph , several peaks and dips have been registered . The most significant peaks were during March and July .
Cars entering Canada in one year .
The graph shows the values about the production of Wheat flour in Canada over 2018 . The values are described using tonnes as unit of measure . There is a drop from January to February .
A Graph showing the production of new motor vehicles by Canada in 2016 . As you can see the production had a big climbing in Q1 2016 . It stayed stable in Q2 and Q3 , while fell down in Q4 .
The following graph depicts the Canadian production of oats in tonnes during 2018 . In January approximately 160000 tonnes were produced , after which a sharp drop can be observed for February , reaching slightly below 100000 . Production remain mostly stable throughout March to May , with the lowest production coming up in July at 80000 .
Creamery butter imports into Canada in 2018 . Imports were higher overall during the second half of the year ; however , the most noticeable feature is the sharp rise to a maximum value of over 1700 tonnes in June , followed by an equally sharp drop to a minimum value of less than 1100 tonnes in July .
The data presented in the graph shows the supply of creamery butter in Canada over the year of 2018 in tonnes . The lowest supply of creamery butter can be observed in January . The supply increases constantly over the next months and reaches its highest value in June , after which it decreases with a similar rate and reaches a local minimum in September .
This graph represents the average Canadian retail price for apples during the year 2019 . It was steadily increasing until June , where it reached a peak of 5 dollars/kilogram . After October , it head a steep drop where it reached a low of just under 4.2 dollars/kilogram in November .
The value of shipments of copper in Canada is fluctuating all the time in 2020 . Overall , it drops for nearly a half in the first month , and oscillated till July . Then , it rises to a bit higher than the value in January till November and December .
Production of rye in Canada during 2018 got a considerable peak during August . During most of the year the values have been fluctuating up and down , with several peaks and dips . Even that , the minimum value over 2018 has been recorded in December .
The average retail price of apples in Canada for the year 2020 , depicting Dollars per Kilo on a month over month basis . We see a bit of a fluctuation in the starting months with the bottom in April , Then a steep increase in the summer months with the yearly high in August . Then shows a gradual decline in the winter months with a small bump up in December to cap off the year .
Chart showing solar electricity generation in Canada in the year 2020 . Axis show megawatt hours per month . With a gradual increase to the summer months peaking at July , then a corresponding decline to in the winter months .
The maximum value of total canadian vehicles returning to the country during 2018 has been reached during the month of August . In particular , the value started to grow in March reaching its peak in August . After that , it slowly decreased .
It 's clearly possible to see from the graph that the production of fresh potatoes in Canada during 2018 reached its maximum values during the summer months . In particular , the most significant peak of the values was registered during August 2018 . Despite of that , during the rest of the year the production value remained quite stable with few and not significant fluctuations .
This graph shows the monthly amount of oats produced in Canada in 2018 in tonnes . Oat production stayed within the range of 80000 and 210000 tonnes each month . While most months averaged production at around 140000 tonnes , February , June and July saw dips in production to around 90000 tonnes and the fall months saw a higher harvest , 16000 and above 200000 tonnes consecutively .
A graph plotting the average retail price for a kilogram of sirloin steak in Canada for every month in the year 2020 . Starting a low below $ 22 , the price soars to nearly $ 27 by June before plunging to $ 22.5 by August and remains stable for the rest of the year .
This line chart plots the total number of foreign travelers entering Canada over the year of 2020 . The number of travelers starts at around 1 million in January , but then between February and April , the number plummets down to less than 1 million . Then , until December , the number remains steady , only rising slightly past 1 million by the end of the year .
The production of canola oil in Canada is displayed in the form of a connected line graph in this chart . The x axis features the months of the year 2021 and the y axis features tonnes from 0 through 3 . The month with the lowest production for the whole year was August , but ironically , the best month was September .
The line chart shows the number of non-resident travellers entering Canada in each month of 2019 . The number of travellers peaked in the summer , with around 4.7 million travellers entering in July . Although the winter months conversely exhibited the least number of travellers , there was a slight increase in December where around 2.2 million non-resident travellers entered Canada .
The following line chart provides information about the total production of hardwood in Canada during 2017 . The production values have been described using cubic metres as unit of measure . The values have been strongly fluactuating over the year .
The graph shows the total international travallers entering the country for Canada in year 2021 . The whole main trend is increasing and specifically grow from Jun to Jul , in the other times , remain stable smoothly raise for the trend . Even though , for the Jan to Feb , people get a small lose but overall , most of the time are raise well in the data .
This graph shows the total Canadian vehicles returning to the country in 2021 , each month . The graph has a general upward trend . It was at its lowest point in Feb and its highest point in Dec .
As it 's shown in the graph , the number of vehicles entering Canada during 2016 has been much higher during the summer compared with the other months of the year . In particular , the maximum number of vehicles entering Canada in 2016 has been registered during August . At the same time , the minimum value during February .
This is a line graph showing the total 2017 imports of creamery butter to Canada in Tonnes . The graph has significant fluctuations between each month . There is a substantial spike in June , which was the peak month at over 2500 tonnes .
The following line chart shows the farm product price index ( FPPI ) about the total livestock and animal products in Canada during 2018 . The values are significantly fluctuating over the year , showing several peaks and falls . The highest values of the indexes have been recorded during February , July and October .
In the following graph is described the monthly supply of creamery butter in tonnes about Canada during 2016 . The minimum value has been registered during the month of January and maximum during July . Furthermore , it 's possible to see how the supply of creamery butter is generally higher during spring and summer .
The line chart depicts the import of skim milk powder in Canada in 2019 . The imports fluctuate a lot in the year . It grows sharply from January to February and reduces considerably from February to March .
The graph describes the production of chickens , turkeys , chicks and poults in Canada during 2018 . The production value is described using the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . As it can be seen from the graph , the production rapidly increased from January until August .
The total softwoord production in Canada during 2017 considerably oscillated up and down over the year . The maximum value was recorded in May 2017 . But at the same time , two other peaks were in May and October .
We can note the average retail price for pork chops in Canada in 2019 from the line chart shown . The price fluctuates throughout the whole year . It starts at the highest value in January at above 12.3 Dollars/kilograms and declines to March .
The graph is showing the value of shipments of silver in tens of millions of dollars in Canada for 12 consecutive months in 2020 . The pattern is divided into two parts , where before July , the value was more stable and decreasing , and after July peaking sharply and maintaining at high level after a moderate decline .
The production of fresh potatoes in Canada 2017 shows the highest values during the summer months . In particular , the production reports its maximum value during the month of August . It remain quite steady during the other months of the year .
The graph depicts an overview of new trucks sales in Canada in 2020 . Starting from around 90000 units , the number increases in the first month and then reduces in the next two months , reaching its minimum at around 40000 units . The sales then dramatically increase till September and undergo a slip till the end of the year .
This graph represents the production of wheat flour in Canada in 2017 ( in tonnes ) . The lowest production is during January . There is a sharp increase during February and during the following months production levels off between 29000 and 32500 .
The chart shows the average retail price for sirloin steak in Canada throughout the year 2021 . Overall , the chart shows a gradual increase in price , starting at around $ 22.7/kg in January and ending at around $ 26.0/kg in December . There are small fluctuations throughout the year , and the price achieves a minimum of around $ 22.5/kg in February and a maximum of around $ 26.5/kg in October .
The aforementioned graph shows the production of grains in FPPI units divided by months of the year 2016 . Starting point is at 1100 in January and after some slight ups and downs it increased to around 1115 in May only to plummet over the next few months to its lowest point around 970 in September just to increase to 1030 in December again .
As it 's possible to see in the shown graph , the total livestock and animal products reported the highest values during the first half of the year . In particular , the maximum value was recorded during June 2017 . After that , it rapidly decreased from June until September .
The chart shows the variation of tablet computers prices in Canada during the year 2017 . Except for some punctual oscillations , the overall trend is of price reduction throughout the period considered .
The line graph depicts the price index of tablet computers in Canada for every month of 2018 . The overall trend for this year is a decrease . January recorded a high of 820 , whereas November had a low of 755 .
This graph shows the number of Canadian residents entering Canada in 2019 . The number of Canadians entering Canada fluctuates from season to season , with two the two peaks being March and August . The number seems to be the lowest during the months Februrary , June , and November .
This chart shows the production of malt , measures in tonnes , in Canada in 2016 . Product starts in January at its low point , before a steep increase in February . A mild decrease follows until April , before increasing to a maximum in June .
The provided graph displays the number of Canadian vehicles returning to Canada over the year 2016 divided by month . It starts out at around 150000 vehicles in January , falls to 135000 in February and rises continuously to over 220000 in August . The following month show a steady decrease to its second lowest point of just under 160000 in December .
The line chart shows the farm product price index ( FPPI ) about production of grain in Canada during 2016 . It 's possible to see how the index has been quite steady from January to June , but then a relevant drop has been recorded from June to August , where the index dropped from 1100 to 980 . During the last few months of the year the index slowly started to increase again .
Production of poultry including chickens , turkeys , chicks and poults reaches its maximum during the month of May with a number of 1215 in Canada . The biggest increase in production of poultry can be observed from February until May , while a drop from May to July takes place . From August until November the production remains quite stable at approximately 1205 and starts decreasing until it reaches its minimum in February below 1190 .
The graph shows the monthly average retail price for ketchup in dollars/litre in Canada during 2021 . The price oscilates from January to August with prices ranging between 3.9 and 3.55 . The price increases from August to December going from 3.55 to 4.4 .
A line chart about skim milk powder supply in Canada in 2021 . The supply remains stable between January and March , then increases dramatically in April . Then , the supply decreases slightly in May and remains steady until July .
The graph shows the total number of United States vehicles entering Canada in each of the months during 2019 . The maximum number of vehicles entering in a month has been recorded for August . From February to August , this number has been continuing to grow .
The graph shows the production of canola in tonnes in Canada during 2020 . There are several peaks and dips throughout the year . The maximum value of production has been recorded for September , and the minimum value has been recorded for August .
The graph shows the livestock and animal products value in Canada during 2018 . The values are described using the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . The products index shown several fluctuations .
The production of Rye in Canada in 2021 is measured in Tonnes as shown in the line chart . The production stays mostly constant throughout the year except for a rapid climb from July to August and a rapid drop from August to October .
The graph indicates the number of cubic meters of soft wood production in Canada for 2018 . Production is highest in spring time and drops to its lowest in December .
This line chart reflects the production of eggs in a shell in Canada during 2018 . From January until March the production remains unaltered at approximately 1375 . From March until July a steady increase of up to 1405 can be observed .
A line chart about the import of skim milk powder in Canada in the year 2020 . The year started off with a large plunge in imports , hitting an all time low in March . This slowly grew throughout the middle of the year , finally fluctuating to its all time high at above 350 tonnes and finishing off the year at 250 tonnes .
This graph shows the import of skim milk powder ( by Tonnes ) in Canada during 2020 each month . The graph fluctuates erratically throughout the year . However , there was sharp decline between January and March after which the graph rose again .
The line chart shows the number of total international travellers entering Canada in 2021 . In general , the number of international travellers increases from around 1000000 to 3000000 persons from January to December . .
This line graph displays the production of fresh potatoes in Canada for 2018 using the farm product price index . A slow but steady increase is observed from January to June , where a steep increase is seen from June to August . A steep decrease follows from August to October , where the value again rises steadily from October to December .
This graph represents the total livestock and animal products of Canada in 2017 . The number of products experiences a sharp increase from January until reaching the maximum during June , whereas a small decline is observed in the month of April . From June until September the total livestock and animal products rapidly decline and reach a minimum of under 1340 in September .
The grapg shows the price index of tablet computers in Canada in the year 2018 . It is noticeable that the price decreases almost continuously during the first third of the year . Afterwards , the price for the summer months remains constant , before falling massive in November .
It 's clearly possible to see from this graph how the production of grains in Canada had a big drop from June to August 2016 . During the first few months , from January to June , the value remained quite stable . But then it dramatically dropped down .
The following line chart is about the production of malt in Canada 2018 . The values are reported using tonnes as unit of measure . It clearly possible to see several peaks and dips of production over the year .
New truck sales in Canada have been progressively decreasing since March 2021 . From January to March , however , there was a massive soar in sales , reaching almost 140000 units . .
This graph depicts the total Canadian softwood production in cubic metres in 2018 . The unit given is cubic metres . Production starts at around 5600 in January and drops to approximately 5180 in February .
This graph illustrates the production of oats , measured in tonnes , in Canada for each month in 2019 . From January to February , and from June to July , there was a considerate drop in oat production of nearly 150000 tonnes . However , there was a surge in the number of oats produced over the months of July to September , followed by a steep decline in November .
This figure represents the production of Canola in Canada during 2016 . The unit given is tonnes . In January production lies at approximately 780000 tonnes .
A graph showing the farm product price index over the course of the year 2016 in Canada . It shows a significant price drop in July followed by a steady increase of the FPPPI until October .
The number of cars returning to the country peaked in January and February at approximately 1.5 million before a sharp decline through March to a rate of only 400000 - 600000 for the remaining months of 2020 .
A figure indicating canola production in Canada each month in 2018 . There do not seem to be any seasonal trends in the production . The maximum production occurred in October , at over 1400000 tonnes ; and production fell below 600000 tonnes in February , August and September .
The production of fresh potatoes in Canada during 2016 reached its maximum values during the months of July , August and September . In particular , the maximum value over the year has been registered during the month of August . It 's clearly possible to see how the production of fresh potatoes is way higher during the summer months than during the winter one .
The graph shows the house price index increasing over the year . It stayed the same for the mon of May and September but was increasing continuously throughout the year otherwise .
The line chart illustrates the average retail price for pork chops in Canada for the year 2021 . The price fluctuates throughout the year . Overall , it declines from January to May and grows from May to December , reaching its peak at 12.8 dollars/kilogram .
A line chart showing the total number of vehicles entering Canada for each month in 2019 . The number of vehicles entering Canada starts at around 2 million in January and increases to just below 3.6 million in August . In the next month , the value plummets to 2.8 million and continues to decrease through to the end of the year .
The graph illustrates the production of Grains in Canada in in 2016 . The first few monthes till May the production fluctuate at around 1100 . In june it starts to decrease a little bit and in july and august there is a massive drop .
The FPPI of Canadian fresh fruit in 2016 fluctuates steadily between January and April . Then the FPPI start to decline , with its downwards slope increasing slightly after May . The FPPI drops dramatically in July , and reaches its lowest point in August .
This graph shows the number of vehicles entering the United States in 2016 . The number of cars entering is about 700000 at the start and end of the year . It increases towards summer .
The Diagramm showes the commercial software prince index of Canada over the year 2017 . The index is quite stable between Jannuary and May with a small peak in March . Then it drops suddenly till July .
The line chart about fresh potato production in Canada , 2018 shows that there was a peak in the production during the period of June , July and August . To drop during the month of October and then raise again . At the beginning of the year the production was growing until this boost in Summer .
Chart depicts the production of Canola in Canada in the year 2021 , showing tonnes on a month over month basis . We see a gradual decline from January all the way to August , until September comes where a massive spike and the yearly high is made the a steep decline to October with again a gradual decline to the end of the year .
Production of new motor vehicles in Canada during 2017 showed a massive climb from February to March . The production value kept raising up . it reached its maximum value during the month of May .
chart with line about canada .
The values about hardwood production in Canada have been strongly flactuating over the 2016 . The most significant peak was recorded during June . At the same time , the lower value was during December .
The international exports in all severices graph demonstrates the export value trend in Canada for each month in 2021 . The y-axis unit are measured in millions dollar , and x-axis units are measured in month . The overall trend start rising slowly from Jan to Mar , and quickly declined from Mar to May , and finally the trend grows from May to Dec. .
This is a scatter plot showing the production of oats in Canada 2021 . Overall the production is fluctuating around 230000 tonnes , with it reaching a maximum of around 325000 tonnes in September and a lowest of near 135000 tons in May . .
The graph showes the price index of servers in 2016 . It starts with the maximum value in January and falls massive till to the minimum in March . Afterwards it increases till June while dropping a little bit in May .
A line chart about the import of skim milk powder in Canada in the year 2021 . The import of skim milk powder was volatile throughout the year 2021 , with hug swings in July , but a large decline come the end of the year , reaching the lows of below 150 tonnes imported .
The line chart illustrates the production of unprocessed milk in Canada during 2017 . The values are described using the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . It 's clearly possible to see two main peaks over the year , one during February and one during October .
The graph shows the production of fresh fruits in Canada over the year of 2016 . In the first half of the year the production was nearly constant , until it fall dramatically in the mounth of August . Afterwards the fresh fruit production rises again over the index of 1100 .
This graph depicts the total number of United States vehicles entering in Canada during 2016 . The lowest number of vehicles is observed in January , at approximately 640000 . During the following months numbers of entering vehicles steadily increase until reaching the maximum number the year 2016 in July with approximately 1250000 .
The graph shows the production of skim milk powder in tonnes in Canada during 2019 . The highest value recorded is about 10800 tonnes in January . The production shows an overall decline with a few surges from January to August .
The graph indicates the entering vehicles from the united states in canada in the year of 2018 . It is noticeable that the number is rising sharply by the middle of the year , reaching a maximum of 1200000 in August . Then the value is strong again until the end of the year .
A line graph about the average retail price for orange juice in Canada for the year of 2019 . The price maintains the same level for most of the year at around 4.2 dollars , but it does dip for a month in April and spike for a month in August . .
This graph represents the Canadian production of Canola in 2018 . The given unit are tonnes . Production starts off at approximately 1150000 during January , after which a sharp decline is observed during February , reaching below 600000 .
The following line chart describes the production values of total hardwood in Canada during 2016 . The unit of measurement of the data is cubic metres . The production showed several peaks during the year , mainly during March , June and November .
As it 's possible to see from the graph , the tablet computers price index in Canada rapidly decreased over 2017 . Few fluctuations have been reported over the year . The maximum value has been recorded during March and the minimum during December 2017 .
chart with lines .
The accompanying graph shows the yearly developement of wheat flower production in tonnes in 2018 . The starting point in January is around 30000 tons , with an increase to peak production in April with over 43000 tons and a following decline to just under 35000 tons . After a slight increase the production plummited to just over 20000 tons in September and fell to its lowest point of around 17000 tons in December .
This line chart shows monthly total solar electricity generation in Canada in 2020 . The chart shows a steady increase in electricity generated from January to July , when it reached a peak at 350000 megawatt hours , and then an equally steady decline until December .
The given graph shows the house and land price index development in Canada in the year 2018 , devided by month . The index started out at 1033 january and then decreased to 1031 in february and staying constant until may , giving way to a rise back to 1033 between may and july , again staying at 1033 dollars till the end of the year .
This shows the upward trend of retail prices for sirloin steak in Canada for the year 2021 . Plotting Dollars per Kilo on a month over month basis . We see a consistent upward trend from the start of the year to the end .
As it 's shown in the graph , the production value of what flour in Canada during 2016 has been strongly fluctuating . The unit of measurement is tonnes . The graph shows several peaks , but the maximum values have been recorded during the months of April , Octoeber and November .
A line chart displaying Canadian vehicles returning to Canada each month in 2018 . It indicates that travel was lowest during the winter months , reaching a minimum in February , and highest in the summer months , peaking in August ( but with a slight dip in June ) . The median number of returning vehicles is between 1900000 and 2000000 .
The price index of servers in Canada during 2017 is depicted in this line chart . Two maxima are reached during the months of January and June . Between aforementioned months the price varies and reaches a low point during April , from which there is a sharp increase until June .
A line chart of Canada 's production of skim milk powder in 2020 . It trends downward during the year but rapidly oscillates . In the last month it rises up to 8000 .
Plot graph describing how many motor bikes were produced in 2017 in Canada .
This graph is showing the solar electricity generated in Canada for each month of the year 2019 . The unit of solar electricity generated is in megawatt-hours , and the month July generated the most solar electricity . .
The graph shows the production of softwood in Canada over the year of 2017 . The data is presented in cubic meters . According to the graph the production of softwood is the highest in March and the lowest in December .
The line chart is describing the values about production of grains in Canada during 2018 . The production amout is described using the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . The minimum recorded value is during February .
A line chart about the increase in total international travelers entering Canada in 2021 . The beginning of the year is fairly steady with about 1 million people entering the country . In July , there is a sharp increase in the total international travelers entering Canada .
This graph shows the production of creamery butter by the ton per month . The monthly output weight ranges from 8000 to 13000 tonnes on the y axis . The best production month was January while the worst was September .
The chart illustrates the trend of the import weight of skim milk powder in Canada during 2019 . In February , the weight reached the highest point , while it reached the lowest point in December . From March to July , it remained stable .
We can see the line chart shows the production of creamery butter in Canada in 2020 . The production oscillates within the whole year . It drops dramatically from January to February and then rises till April .
The graph shows the average retail price for eggs in Canada from January to December 2021 . Prices shows are in dollars per dozen eggs and range from a low of less than 3.65 in February to a high of over 3.90 in August . Prices rose sharply between February and March and between July and August .
The following line chart has shown the production of skim milk powder in Canada during 2019 . The production is measured in tones and starts with a sudden fall ever since January . Until August , we may see some increases halfway through the year but eventually , drop to the lowest in Autumn .
The graph shows the value of shipments of silver measured in dollars in Canada for each month of the year 2020 . The month July has the lowest value of shipments of silver , whereas September has the highest . .
The average retail price for sirloin steak grows exponentially from January to June and reaches the peak in June . Then decreases rapidly in August . Then it remains steady until December .
The line chart shows the total number of vehicles entering Canada during 2016 . It 's clearly possible to see how during the summer months the amount of car entering Canada is way higher than the rest of the year , reaching the maximum value during the month of August with around 3400000 cars .
This graph represents the Canadian supply of creamery butter ( in tonnes ) during 2016 . The lowest value can be observed in January with 21000 tonnes . Supply increases during February , remains almost unchanged throughout March and sharply increases during the following months until it reaches its peak in July with 29000 tonnes .
The graph illustrates the average retail price for sirloin steak in Canada in 2021 . In general , the price rises from around 22.75 dollars/kilogram and reaches its peak at 26.5 dollars/kilogram in October . It then slightly drops in the rest of the year .
This graph shows international imports in all services ( millions of dollars ) to Canada during 2021 , each month . There is a general upward trend . The graph was at its lowest in Feb and highest in Dec .
The chart shows the number of total united states vehicles entering Canada during 2020 . This graph offers an overall downward trend , especially from February to April , with the value shrinking to 1/6 of the previous because of COVID-19 . The number increased steadily from April to June and maintained the same level from June to December .
Malt production in Canada in 2017 . The production trends were fairly smooth for most of the year , rising from January to May , falling from August to November , and staying at or above 50000 tonnes until the end of the year . By comparison , June and July showed strong fluctuations in production , and the value dropped to its all-year low of under 40000 tonnes in December .
This chart represents the production of unprocessed milk of Canada in 2016 . Whereas the production oscillates from January until June ranging from 1045 until 1065 a minimum value of below 1020 is observed during July . The following three months a sharp increase is taking place and reaching a value of approximately 1110 .
Softwood production was highest in March , producing approximately 5350000 m^3 continuing with high production through April and May . Production falls through the summer months and after an increase in October drops to its lowest value of approximately 3900000 m^3 in December .
A line chart about Production of new motor vehicles per units in Canada in the year 2018 . The value grows until May and then decreases .
the total vehicle entering Canada in 2017 were about 2000000 in Jan and Feb. then , they increased linearly until Aug , reaching 3400000 . The they decreased considerably to 2400000 , almost back to where they started from .
The chart shows average retail price for pork chops in Canada in each month in 2021 . The data range from around 11.5 dollars/kg to 12.8 dollars/kg . The trend oscillated but in general there was a downwards trend from January to May and an upwards trend from May to December with a peak in August and December .
Production of creamery butter in Canada has been rapidly decreasing over from January until August 2016 . Even that , couple of peaks have been recorded during that period , in particular April and July . During the last few months of year , the production started to considerably grow again .
The graph depicts the fluctuation of softwood and hard wood production from January to November in 2017 . Production then sharply declined from November to December , reaching its lowest point .
The line chart reports the values about the total farm production price index ( FPPI ) in Canada during 2017 . During the first half of the hear the index shown an ascendant trend , reaching its maximum value during the months of June and July . After that , it rapidly dropped from over 1360 to less than 1290 in the month of Setpember .
As it 's possible to see , the following graph is about the production of eggs in shell in Canada during 2018 . The values are reported using the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . The production slightly increase over the first half of the year , so from January until July .
This graph depicts the production of unprocessed milk in Canada during 2018 . The given unit is the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . The graph represents a parable throughout the year .
The following graph shows the average retail price for pork chops in Canada during the year 2019 . Overall , it illustrates a trend of unpredictable large oscillation throughout the year . Starts with the highest in January and reaches its lowest in November .
As it 's possible to see from the graph , the production of unprocessed milk in Canada reported two significant peaks during 2017 , one in February and one in October . Futhermore , from February to July the production value strongly decrease , reaching the yearly minimum value during July . It 's clearly possible to see how the summer months are the period with the least production of unprocessed milk .
The number of total Canadian vehicles returning to the country begins at a prominent high level , followed by a dramatical drop to reach the lowest point in April , which reduces to a fifth of the beginning point . Then the number remains stable with a slight increase to December .
This chart shows the total Canadian residents entering the country of Canada in the year 2020 . We see a steep decline in the Beginning of the year bottoming out in April , with a an extremely low rate with a very tiny gradual increase from April to the end of the year . One can imagine this was due to covid travel bans .
The total softwood and hardwood production in Canada showed an oscillating trend over 2017 . In particular , couple of peaks have been registered , mainly during the months of March and May . At the same time , the production value showed its minimum values during the months of July and December .
The displayed chart shows the total number of vehicles entering Canada during 2018 . It 's possible to see how the highest values have been recorded during the spring and summer months . In particular , the maximum number of cars entering Canada has been reached July and a August .
The production of creamery butter has been relatively unstable during 2020 . It initially started at more than 12000 tones but dropped 16 % to 10000 tones in February . It then recovered in April only for it to decrease even more to less than 9000 tones until November , where it suddenly increased to 11000 tones .
A line chart about the Production of creamery butter per tonnes in Canada in the year 2018 . The minimum value is reached in September and the maximum in January .
The chart is showing the values about the production of fresh vegetables in Canada during 2016 . The values are illustrated using the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . As can be seen from the graph , from January to May the values have been rapidly decreasing .
The house price index in Canada during 2018 presents a quite ambiguous trend . Firstly , during the first few months , it slowly decrease . But then , from May to July , it recorded a considerable growth .
This graph illustrates the monthly supply of skim milk powder in tonnes in the year of 2020 . Overall , there was a fairly steady decrease in supply throughout the year , with the exception of a surge in the months of June and July , and then again in December . The supply was highest in January and lowest in November .
This graph illustrates values about the total farm production index in Canada during 2018 . Those values are described using the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . It 's clearly possible to see how the maximum values of production are registered during the summer months .
The total united states vehicles entering graph indicates that the number of entering in Canada in every month in 2020 . The number of entering in Jan is in the peak and decreases drastically from Jan to Apr , and then the overall trend increases slowly through Apr to Dec. .
The production of creamy butter reached its highest point in January of 2018 . Thereafter , production declined in February and then recovered in May . In the months following production steadily decreased until September .
The diagramm showes the toatal farm production index of Canada over the year 2017 . From January to March the index increase . in April there is a small drop and afterwards a continous increase till June .
The production of Malt in Canada during 2016 showed several fluctuations during the year . The production values have been displayed using Tonnes as unit of measurement . The most relevant peaks have been recorded during the months of February and June .
The line chart depicts the production of wheat flour in Canada for the year 2021 . The production alternates a lot throughout the year . Starting from January , it slides to the minimum value in February and climbs immediately in March .
The above graph describes the average retails prices for ketchup in Canada in 2020 . The price was rising from January to April , before a big drop in May . Then , it is constantly rising to November and remains stable in December .
Total softwood production in cubic meters in Canada in 2018 is shown in the graph . Production in January starts at roughly 5650 m3 , and it shrinks the next month . In March , this value goes back up and remains steady until May .
A significant fluctuation can be found from January to April , in which the production ranges from 180 to 215 thousands metric tones . Then the production grows from 195 to 225 with some oscillation during April to October and reaches the peak in October . Then it declines rapidly and falls to 200 in December .
Chart shows the value of shipment of salt in Canada in the Year 2020 . We have a chart depicting dollar value on a month over month scale . With a lot of volatility int he starting months then a slight plateau in the summer months , approaching the winter months we have a dip but then a rocket highs for the end of the year .
A line chart of Canada 's supply of creamery butter in 2021 . It stays around the same level except for a large spike in September .
The graph shows the value of shipments of salt in dollars in Canada throughout 2020 . The value drops sharply in March down to a low of 2.5 before recovering quickly back to 3.7 in April . The value rises to 4.2 in June but slowly declines montly until October .
It shows the price index trend about tablet computers in Canada during 2018 . It 's possible to see how it considerably declined over the year . Over the year the values ahs been oscillating several times , in particular during the summer months .
Hardwood production in Canada for each month of 2017 . While production varied between less than 1100 cubic metres and over 1500 cubic metres in a given month , there do not seem to be any trends in the value over time .
This chart shows the count of new passenger cars sales in Canada for the year 2019 . The sales increases from January to May , when the increase in February and April is very rapid . The highest quantity sealed is almost 60000 and it happened at the beginning of May .
A line chart about the Production of Malt in tonnes in Canada in the year 2016 . Values are analyzed in the different months of the year . With index values ranging from less than 45000 to more than 60000 .
The graph highlights the production of fresh vegetables over the course of a year . It follow a `` U '' shape with a local increase in the month of June .
This graph illustrates the monthly average retail price for orange juice in Dollars per litre . Based on the graph , the retail price fluctuated a lot throughout the year , with it being the highest in June and November , and the lowest in July . .
The image reports a line chart about the total softwood and hardwood production ( in cubic metres ) in Canda during 2018 . The values are fluctuating over the months , reaching a peak during May 2018 . At the same time it 's clearly possible to see that December 2018 has been the month with less production .
The average retail price for orange juice in Canada is very unstable throughout 2020 . It starts from around 4.35 dollars/litre in January and keeps increasing to almost 4.40 dollars/litre . It reaches the second-lowest point of lower than 4.25 dollars/litre in March and increases drastically to the peak of more than 4.40 dollars/litre in May .
The total solar electricity generation begins at a low level in January and increases rapidly with a steady speed . It reaches the peak in July with around 350000 megawatt hours . After the peak , it decreases rapidly with slight instability of the speed until December .
Tablet computer price index in Canada for 2016 . The price index slowly trended downwards throughout the year but experienced three significant drops : in March , in September ( possibly coinciding with back-to-school sales ) , and in December ( possibly due to Boxing Day and Boxing Week sales ) .
Production of new motor vehicles in Canada 2017 . The graphic shows the production of new motor vehicles ( $ ) in Canada over the year 2017. iT is noticeable that in the spring and summer months significantly more money is spent on the production of new vehicel as in the winter .
Increased from Jan to Jun then dropped sharply from Sep to Nov . Stayed at relatively the same price between May and Sep .
The production of unprocessed milk in Canada has been substantially growing over 2018 . In particular , during the first few months of the year the values have been slightly decreasing . But then from June over it rapidly increased , reaching it peaks on November 2018 .
Total Canadian livestock and animal products in 2018 are shown in this graph . The unit given is the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . During January products lie at 1385 and the second highes value of the year can be observed in February at approximately 1395 .
The following chart provides information about the house and land price index in Canada during 2018 . It 's clearly possible to see how the index value significantly dropped down between January and February . Over the next few months the index value remained stable .
Production of creamery butter significantly increase near Christmas .
Chart shows the Value of shipments of lime in Canada in the year 2020 . Depicting the dollar value on a month over month basis , where we see a gradual increase from the starting months to the peak in June then a steep drop in Dollar value in August but a rapid climb back up close to the yearly high in November with another steep decline in December .
The production of rye in Canada during 2018 is represented in the following graph . The unit given is tonnes . Production remains mainly stable throughout January to March at approximately 13000 tonnes .
This depicts the supply of creamery butter in Canada in the year 2019 . Plotting Tonnes of butter , month over month . We See a consistent increase at the start of the year peaking in the summer months , reaching highs specifically in June .
It 's clearly possible to see how the supply of creamery butter in Canada during 2018 rapidly increased from January over . In particular , it reached its peak during the month of June 2018 . After that , it started to decline until September .
Line chart showing the evolution of the Farm product price index in Canada in 2016 .
The following graph shows information about the laptop computer price index in Canada during 2017 . The overall trend is descending . It 's clearly possible to see several fluctuations over the year , mainly during the summer months .
The production of oats in Canada 2021 fluctuated throughout the year . It reached its minimum in May and had a boost in September .
The average retail price for ketchup in Canada grew in 2021 . There was a steady climb from August to the end of the year . It fluctuated and decreased before August , however .
The values about production of fresh fruit in Canada during 2018 show a quite interesting trend . The production remained stable for most of the year . But two big peaks of production have been recorded , one in March and one in August .
This line chart depicts the total hardwood production in cubic metres of Canada in 2016 . Production starts at approximately 1370 cubic metres during January , after which a moderate increase can be observed until reaching about 1580 in March . Production remains steady at 1450 during April and May , after which the maximum production is achieved in June with 1600 cubic metres .
Hardwood production is drastically higher in February than any other month , with the exception of March , having almost 1.5 times more production than any other month . Production is lowest in the months of April , May , June , July , and November .
The graph shows the average retail price for sirloin steak in dollars/kilogram in Canada during 2021 . The trend shows the price increasing over time with minor oscillations . The price reached a low of 22.5 in February and a high of 26.5 in October .
This is a line graph showing the amount of Canadian residents entering Canada , in the year of 2019 . This graph has two spikes . One in the month of March and another in the month of August .
The chart shows total solar electricity generation in Canada in each month in 2019 . The data range from 100000 megawatt hours to 350000 megawatt hours . The trend first increased from January to July and decreased thereafter with December having a relatively similar amount as January .
The graph shows the price index of serves in Canada during 2016 . At the beginning of the year , between January and March , the index considerably dropped down . After that , it has been oscillating over the rest of the year .
This is a line graph showing the average retail price for orange juice in Canada in the year 2020 . The units used are Dollars per Litre . There are 3 main spikes .
This line chart shows the production of skim milk powder in tonnes in Canada in 2020 . The number of tonnes produced throughout the year fluctuates . A steadily declining trend can be observed in the graph .
The number of total vehicles entering Canada in 2016 is depicted in this graph . During January approximately 2100000 vehicles enter . These numbers slightly decrease to 2000000 in February , the lowest value of the year .
This line chart shows the monthly value of lime shipments into Canada in tens of millions of dollars for the period from January 2020 to December 2020 . This value fluctuated throughout the year , following a pattern of gradual increases over several months and then a sharp decline . These declines happened between July and August and again between November and December .
Softwood and hardwood stock totals in Canada during each month of 2016 . The total rose from slightly over 72000 cubic meters in January to over 75000 cubic meters in April . It then experienced a drop to less than 68000 cubic meters from May to July , after which it continued to decline until reaching a minimum level in December of under 66000 cubic meters .
The graph shows the house and land price index in canada in the year of 2018 . It is striking that the value only changes twice a year . It falls from January to February , and from May to July it rises back to the original amount of 1033 .
The shown graph is about the production of rye in Canada during 2018 . The production values are quantified using tonnes as unit of measure . As can be seen from the graph , the values are oscillating over the year .
The graph shows the price index of laptop computer in the year 2016 in Canada . The price index fluctuates hugely the first four monthes and reach the maximum in May . It falls in June and July and drop massivly in August .
This line chart illustrates the production of wheat flour ( in tonnes ) of Canada in 2016 . Production starts very low in January at approximately 19500 tonnes . From there on production starts oscillating a lot , having a peak during February , a low in March and reaching the maximum during April .
It illustrates the stocks of softwood and hardwood in Canada during 2016 using cubic metres as unit of measurement . From January to April has been recorded a slightly increase . The value significantly dropped from May to July , and then it remain steady for the last months of the year .
The given graph shows the average retail price developement of laptop computers in Canada in the year 2017 split into the different months . In january the price started out at 992 dollars , increased slightly and then plummeted to 976 dollars average in June . A short incline happend in July just for it falling back onto the June price in august .
It 's clearly possible to see how the production of fresh potatoes in Canada during 2017 maintained the same level for almost the whole year , but the summer months . During the summer months have been registered the highest values , in particular during August which was the highest peak of production . After that , the values dropped down form August to October .
A graph showing the FPPPI for the production of poultry in Canada over the course of the year 2018 . The FPPI has risen steadily until August and then dropped slowly .
This chart shows how the Canadian total farm production index varies by month throughout 2018 . We see a distinctive season pattern . Production starts at a middling level in the first three months of the year , before a rapid increase from April to July , where it reaches a peak .
The graph shows total number in millions of people of Canadian residents entering the country over the course of twelve consecutive months in 2020 . In the beginning of the year , the number of people is relatively high and dips sharply in March and April to way below 1 million for the rest of the year .
The following graph is about the production of rye in Canada during 2017 ; the values are in tonnes . It shows a clearly growth from January over , reaching its maximum value during October . Then it 's possible to see a significant drop from October to November .
The graph showes production of creamery butter in tonnes in the year 2017 . The highest production is in January with around 11450 tonnes . It decreases in February and stay nearly constant till April .
This is a connected scatterplot of hardwood production in Canada for the year 2021 . It shows the amount of hardwood sold in cubic metres per month for the whole year . July had the lowest sales while March had the highest sales .
2017 : Production of chickens , turkeys , chicks , poults in Canada , with a peak in may and the lowest production in february .
The price index for servers in 2018 rapidly fell from a high in January , to its lowest point in March of 2016 . After that the price index saw some fluctuation in the coming months until November , where it dropped again and did not change in December .
This shows the price index of servers in 2017. it stayed relatively stable from the start of year into the third quarter before experiencing a decrease in the last quarter . There was also a dip in April . The price is an index that does not reflect absolute pricing .
Graph that describes the production of unprocessed milk in Canada in 2017 . The production in October and February is the highest , while there is a significant drop the following two months of each . The production slightly rises in May but it then plunges until July , where the lowest value can be seen .
This chart shows the production of fresh fruit , by the farm product price index , in Canada in 2017 . We see a generally increasing pattern throughout the year . We start at a markedly low level of production from January until May , at which point production starts to increase until July .
International imports in all services in Canada considerably increased in 2021 . The growth began in May at less than 10500 million dollars and was above 12000 million dollars in December .
Malt production incredibly decrease from July 2018 to August 2018 .
The amount of import creamery butter in Canada during 2018 presented strong variations in its values over the year . It 's possible to identify several peaks , dips and curves . During June and July has been recorded a massive drop of the import value .
Poultry production cost for each month in Canada in 2018 . The cost index , at its lowest near the beginning of the year , steadily rose from less than 1180 in March to over 1260 August , then settled in September at roughly 1240 .
In this graph , one can see the total softwood and hardwood production in Canada . Production of 2016 is measured in cubic meters . The graph is M-shaped , with lows in January , July , and December and highs in March and November .
Graph elucidates the grain production in the year 2018 . Production experienced a general increase over the year , with a sharp spike in August and dips in the months of February , July and November .
The graph shows the production of wheat flour in tonnes in Canada in 2017 . The lowest production is in Jannuary . From February till July the graph oscillate .
Production of creamery butter varies a lot throughout the year . Being mostly stable from February until April with approximately 10000 tonnes of creamery butter , a drop is observed from April until June . The production starts oscillating between June and November , whereas production varies between 8000 to 8500 tonnes .
Continuous increase of the house and land price index in Canada during the year 2017 .
The following line chart is about the house and land price index in Canada during 2016 . From the graph it 's clearly possible to see how the index values have been steadily growing during 2016 . Few light fluctuations have been reported during the summer months .
This graph shows a general upward trend in the price index of commercial software in Canada in 2018 . While there were drops in the price index in April and August from their respective previous months , the graph obeyed an increasing trend .
The following line chart is about the production of softwood and hardwood in Canada during 2018 . The described values are in cubic metres . It 's clearly possible to see how the production fluctuated over the year , with several peaks and dips .
This line graph shows the amount of sales , in thousands of dollars , of passenger cars in Canada in the year 2019 . There was a drastic spike in sales amount , peaking in the month of May , and then declining until the month of December .
This line chart shows the number of total vehicles entering Canada per month in 2020 . Numbers are shown in millions of vehicles . Although over 2 million vehicles entered Canada in January and February 2020 , there was a precipitous decrease between February and April .
The production of creamery butter in Canada reported a not homogeneous trend over 2018 . The maximum value was recorded during January . After that , several oscillations have been recorded over the year .
The given graph shows the monthly development of the production of fresh vegetables in Farm product price index in 2016 in Canada . After starting out at 1402 in January it immediately starts falling to 1360 in May , rising again to 1375 in June and then falling to 1343 in August . After staying pretty flat until October it starts skyrocketing to its highest point of 1410 in December .
The following line chart is about the production of creamery butter in Canada during 2016 . The values are reported in tonnes . It shows how the production is actually falling down from January to August , when it reaches its minimum .
The following line chart is decribing the trend of the total farm production index in Canada during 2018 . The values are described using the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . It can be seen from the graph that the values are frequently fluctuating over the year , showing several peaks and dips .
This graph shows the Total Canadian vehicles returning to the country in 2019 . The number of cars entering is about 1510198.09 at the start of the year . It increases towards fall There is a peak at 2339189.19 in August .
This graph shows the total non-resident travelers entering Canada during the year 2021 , each month . The graph was mostly stable from Jan to Apr , after which there is a general upward trend . Although , there was a declining trend from Aug to Nov .
The graph shows the the number of United States vehicles entering Canada in 2018 . As illustrated form the graph , the spring months show the amount of cars steadily increasing and reaching their highest point in summer . For the following months , in fall , the amount of cars entering decline and reach their lowest point in winter .
The graph describes the import of creamery butter ( in tonnes ) in Canada during 2017 . As can be seen from the graph , the value reports two significant peaks during the month of March and June . The minimum value has been recorded during the month of September .
The following line chart is about the New trucks sales in Canada during the year 2019 . The values are reported using thousands of dollars as the unit of measure . It is clearly possible to see several peaks over the year and fluctuates during the summer .
This is a line chart that shows the trend of the total Canadian vehicles returning to the country in the year 2019 . The amount remains low during the winter months including January to March and October to December . There 's an increasing trend starting from March to August when it reaches the highest point .
This is a line graph showing the supply of creamery butter , in tonnes , in Canada in the year 2019 . This line graph shows steady increase from January to April , a steady peak in the months of April to June , and a steady decline from July onwards .
As is shown form the graph , the production of unprocessed milk steadily increases in winter time , and steadily decreases in summer . The graph shows that production is highest in November and lowest in June .
The line chart describes the Servers price index trend in Canada during 2017 . It considerably oscillated over the year , with several peaks and dips . The highest values have been recorded during January and June .
The following line chart is about the production of new motor vehicles ( units ) in Canada during 2018 . It 's possible to see how the highest value was during May , when almost 220000 new motor vehicles have been producted . Furthermore , it 's also clear that January and December are the months with less new motor vehicles producted over 2018 in Canada .
The graph shows the production of wood in 2016 . It stayed at within above 54000 and about 58000 cubic meters except for two dips in July with 51000 cubic meters and December with below 48000 cubic meters .
A line chart about the total softwood production in Canada in the year 2020 . The total softwood production plummeted in April of 2020 , hitting an all time low of less than 3600 thousands cubic metres of softwood produced . However recovery was instant , and the production continued to climb and reach a fairly constant rate - even hitting 5000 in September .
As can be seen from the graph the production of unprocessed milk in Canada during 2018 had a significant growth during the second half of the year . It decreased from January to June , when it has been recorded the minimum value of the year . But then it started to rapidly increase reaching its maximum value during November 2019 .
This graph indicates the number of total Canadian vehicles returning to the country in 2017 . The lowest number of approximately 1400000 can be observed during the month of February . Over the following 4 months a steady increase takes place .
The graph illustrates the production of oats in Canada for the year 2018 . There are sharp decreases in production for the months of February , July and November .
The total livestock and animal products in Canada has been quite steady during the first few months of the 2016 . After that , it rapidly declined from June until October . During last three months of the year it started to slightly increase again .
The production of canola in tonnes in Canada during 2016 is shown in this line chart . Production sharply increases from January until March . During the following months production fluctuates in an overall decreasing manner until it reaches its minimum in August .
This graph depicts the total softwood production in Canada in 2016 in cubic meters . The values range from roughly 57000 in March to 46000 in December . January to March there is an increase in production , March to July production decreased and reached 50000 in July .
The figure shows a line chart about the production of what flour ( in tonnes ) in Canada during 2017 . The values have been mainly fluctuating during the year , without any significant trend or patterns . Even that , if it has been recorded a significant growth from November to December , where the production of wheat flour during 2017 reached its peak .
The production of oats in Canada 2020 fluctuates throughout the year with a plunge in May and a soar during the fall season .
The following graph is showing the recorded values about production of fresh potatoes in Canada during 2016 . The values have been reported using the farm product price index ( FPPI ) . As it is shown , the production slightly increase during the first half of the year , but then it rapidly grow during the summer months , reaching its maximum value during the month of August .
The graph shows a general downward trend of the price of Tablet computers over the year 2017 in Canada . There was a slight price climb in the middle of the year . As this is a price index and the y-axis is missing , one can only assume a relative decrease in price .
The best time to buy a house in Canada in 2018 was between April and May .
This line graph displays total softwood production in cubic metres in Canada for 2016 . The amount fluctuates with an increase from January to March , followed by a slow decrease from March to June . A steep reduction follows in July , matched by an equally steep increase in August .
This connected line graph provides an overview of the amount of creamery butter produced in Canada in the year 2019 . Production for the product peaked in Jan 2020 and the lowest production month was Aug . There is a steep dip in the graph as summer approaches , but production picks up again from September .
This graph represents the total non-resident travellers entering Canada in 2019 . The graph starts out in January , where the number of Persons is 1.5e6 . It reaches a peak of 4.5e6 in July .
A graph showing the Canadian production of malt in tonnes over the course of the year 2017 . The production was highest in August and then steadily decreased .
This line graph shows the cubic meters of softwood produced monthly in Canada in 2020 . The production of softwood generally stays between 4300 thousand cubic meters and 5100 thousand cubic meters . However , there was a significant drop in production in April with a value of 3500 thousand cubic meters .
This chart shows the monthly total US vehicles entering Canada in 2019 . The data range from around 0.6  10^6 to 1.2  10^6 . The trend generally increased from January to August and decreased thereafter , with from April to July having almost linear increase .
This charts shows the production of eggs in shell , as measured by the farm product price index , in Canada in 2016 . Production in January starts at a relatively high level , before increasing in February . After this , a gradual decline follows , reaching a minimum in July .
It shows the supply of creamery butter in Canada during 2018 . The values are described using Tonnes as UOM . It rapidly increase from January for the first half of the year .
The following graph shows information about the house and land price index in Canada during 2017 . As can be seen from the graph , the index have been steadily increasing its value over the year . There are few light fluctuations but no peaks or dips have been recorded .
The graph shows total hardwood production ( thousand cubic metres ) in Canada in 2020 , each month . The graph peaks in February , while it is at its lowest in November . There was a sharp decline in hardwood production between February and April , while there was a sharp increase from January to February .
This graph depicts the total softwood production in cubic metres of Canada in 2016 . Production starts at approximately 53000 cubic metres in January and increases to one of its maximum values of 57000 cubic metres in March . The following months show first a slow decrease , but then a sharp decrease in July .
The provided graph depicts the development of the price index for tablet computers in Canada in 2016 , divided by month . After a slow decline from 943 in January to 938 in February it crashes , reaching a low point of 897 in March . Afterwards it rises to 924 in April and then slowly but constantly declines to 876 in December .
Eggs production greatly increases during the second half of the year .
Egg prices increase throughout the year with low values in January , February and March of $ 3.40- $ 3.50/dozen . Prices rise steadily to $ 3.70/dozen in September before a slight dip during the remaining months of the year .
The graph shows total United States vehicles entering Canada in 2020 every month . The maximum vehicles recorded entering were in the month of Feb . There was a sharp decline in the number of vehicles entering from Feb to Apr .
It describes the price index of laptop computer in Canada during 2016 . It 's clearly possible to see how the values are strongly fluctuating over the year . The maximum values have been recorded during the may of February and May .
This is a canola production graph , showing the amount produced in tonnes for the year 2016 . Production stayed within the range of 600000 to about 1125000 tonnes during the year . Production started just under 800000 tonnes in January and rose to above 1000000 tonnes in March .
The average retail price for orange juice in Canada for the year 2021 is shown in the line chart . The price fluctuates through the year . It experiences several times ' rises and drops , reaching its minimum in July at below 4.3 dollars/litre .
A line chart about the import of creamery butter in Canada in the year 2020 . The import of creamery butter showed huge decline during late Spring and early Summer of 2020 . However we observed a massive surge of creamery butter import come December , reaching over 2000 tonnes of butter imported .
The line chart provides an overview of the production of creamery butter in Canada in 2019 . The production generally drops from January to August except for a gentle rise in April and reaches its minimum in August at around 7000 tonnes . It then grows from August to December .
The chart shows the production of creamery butter in Canada throughout the year 2021 . Production was minimal throughout the summer months , staying at around 8400 to 8600 tonnes from June through September . The remaining months exhibited much more fluctuation than in summer while all yielding greater production numbers than the summer months .
The chart shows the variation of softwood production in Canada during the year 2017 . The production reaches its top on March after which we observe an oscillating period until November , when there is a steeply fall .
It 's clearly possible to see how the house and land price index in Canada has been slowly but constantly increasing over 2016 . It presented few fluactuations , but none of them are significant .
The graph illustrates the production of rye in canada in the year 2017 . The production is very low in the first third of the year , before it rises sharply until October , reaching a maximum of 20000 tonnes . Then the production decrease again for the remaining months of the year .
The chart shows the farm product price index ( FPPI ) about total livestock and animal products in Canada during 2016 . The index has been quite steady during the first few months of the year , with a maximum value in March , but then it rapidly decreased from June over , reaching the minimum value during October which was around 1270 . The index started to slowly grow again during the months of November and December .
It shows the data about supply of creamery butter in Canada during 2016 . The displayed values are in tones . It 's possible to see how the value rapidly increase from January over , reaching its peaks during the month of July with approximately 29000 tonnes .
The total softwood and hardwood production in Canada has been strongly fluctuating over 2018 . It 's clearly possible to identify several peaks and dips . The maximum value was during May .
The production of oats in Canada oscillates in 2020 . The pattern is in an 'M ' shape , with two peaks in April and September . The production remains steady for the rest of the months .
The graph showes the anual price index of tablet computers in the year 2017 . The price in the first thre month is very high , especially in March . The following month ist drops and increase again in June and stays constant till July .
The graphs shows the total softwood and hardwood production in Canada in the year 2017 . As can be seen in the graph , the production changes very much over the year . Initially , the value falls to February before rising in March and reaching a maximum of over 60000 cubic meters .
The production of new motor vehicles in Canada in 2018 rose sharply until May , from 120000 to 220000 units . Then it started decreasing , reaching the same January level of 120000 in December , at the end of the year .
The chart shows the total number of Canadian residents entering the country in each month in 2021 . The data range from around 0.3  10^6 to 1.6  10^6 . In general the trend was upwards with most significant increase from October to December .
A line graph showing the total non-resident travelers entering Canada in the year 2021 . Between the months of January and June , the number people remains steady . July marks the beginning of a dramatic surge in the non-resident travelers entering Canada , which accelerates in August before calming down in September .
The line chart shows the average retail price for pork chops in dollars per kilogram in Canada during 2020 . The price oscillates between 11.5 and 12.2 dollars per kilogram from January to May . The values peak in June at almost 12.6 dollars , then substantially declines until October at about 11.6 dollars per kilogram .
The provided graph depicts the changes in the production of unprocessed milk in Canada in 2016 . The first value sits at 1045 in January , giving way to a slight increase to 1068 that is followed by a decline back to 1046 in April . A short rise follows in may but its crashing to 1010 in July .
The graph shows the production of wheat flour in thousands metric tonnes in Canada during 2020 . Overall , the average level of production is at the maximum from August to November . The minimum production happened in February , followed by a significant peak in production during March .
The graph is is an illustration of the average retail price for apples in Canada 2019 . The line graph shows that the average price for apples increased from January to June and in July took a dip in prices . After September the prices declined by a lot until the month of November where it began to increase again .
The graph indicates the production of eggs in shell in canada in the year of 2016 . As the graph rises from January to February , it drops sharply until July , before reaching a minimum of 1340 . Subsequently , the value rises continuously until the end of the year , reaching a maximum of 1365 in December .
This figure shows the Canadian production of wheat flour of 2016 . Production is measured in tonnes . Production is the lowest during the month of January at approximately 19500 .
This line chart shows the number of vehicles entering Canada in 2020 . In January and February , there are about 2.2 million vehicles entering monthly . There is a plunge in the number of vehicles entering Canada in March and April .
The following line chart is about the Supply of skim milk powder in Canada during 2021 . The values are reported using Tonnes as the unit of measure . It is clearly possible to see there is a peak in April and two dips during August and November .
The accompanying shows the monthly development of total livestock and animal products production in the year 2016 in Canada , measured in FPPI . It starts out at 1450 in January , increases slightly to just shy of 1475 in March , falls to 1430 in April and increases again to 1460 in June . After that it constantly decreases until reaching its lowest point of 1260 in October .
The graph showes the total vehicles entering canada in 2017 . The graph decreases in February . From february till August it starts to increase continously and reaches the maximum of over 3400000 .
The chart shows total number of Canadian vehicles returning to the country in each month in 2021 . The data range from 500000 to 850000 . In general the trend is upwards with most significant increase from February to March and from October to December .
The graph illustrated the production of fresh potatoes in Canada in 2017 . The measurement used is the farm product price index ( FPPI ) : There is a clear peak in August , reaching an index of more than 1800 .
The graph shows the average retail price for orange juice in Dollars in Canada during each month in 2019 . The average price recorded its highes values during August , reaching a peak of over 4.5 dollars . The lowest price is below 4.0 , which is recorded in April .
The number of total Canadian residents entering Canada in 2021 is shown in the graph . The number remains stable from January to June and starts to grow from July . It reaches its peak in December at over 1600000 people .
The dollar per litre average retail price of orange juice in Canada for each month of the year 2021 .
This line graph shows the units of passenger cars sold in Canada in 2019 . The number of units sold jumps from 27000 to 59000 between January and May . Then the number of units uniformly declines to 25000 after May .
The given graph shows the malt production in tons in Canada in 2017 . The Graph continuously rises from 52000 tons in January to 60000 in May , falls back to 53000 in June and rises to 63000 in July . The following months just show a steady decrease of production .
This graph represents the rate of new trucks sales in Canada during the 2019 year . It starts at 4 million dollars in January , and has a sharp increase to 6.5 million dollars in March . It continues to increase until it 's just under 7 million in May .
The graph shows the amount of international exports in all services in Canada in millions of dollars for 12 consecutive months of the year 2019 . Since the beginning of the year , the exports increase continually , dipping in May and peaking in September , after which they fall dramatically and rebound in December .
Canola oil production fluctuate significantly over short periods of time .
This graph describes the international exports in all services in Canada for the year 2021 . The number of exports has overall increased by the end of the year . There was a steep drop in exports during the months of May to August .
A graph plotting the average retail price of a dozen eggs in Canada in 2021 by month . There is a general upward trend here . With a low in February around 3.60 and a high in August at around 3.90 before declining slightly to 3.82 by the end of the year .
The line chart shows the number of vehicles entering Canada during 2019 . The chart indicates a major growth in the numbers from beginning of 2019 to August and a sharp drop afterwards . The highest and lowest numbers are about 3.55 millions in August and 1.95 millions in February respectively .
The graph illustrates the import of skim milk powder in Canada 2021 . The there was an increase from January to February . Then from February to May there was a decrease in imports .
The graph depicts the FPPI in Canada during 2018 . The highest was during August , where it was above 1220 , whereas the lowest was in December , where it almost reached 1120 . From January to July , the values fluctuate between 1140 and 1180 , and after August , the values decrease until December .
This line graph illustrates the total number of Canadian vehicles that returned to the country in 2018 . The x-axis shows the different months of the year , whereas the y-axis shows the number of vehicles . There is a rise in the first months of the year , reaching a high in August ( 2300000 ) .
The graph shows the Average retail price for sirloin steak in Canada during 2019 . Generally , the production recorded its highest values in June reaching a peak of around 23.4 dollars per kilogram . Then , it follows by a sudden drop after Jun and remains to fluctuate around the low point .
